title,text,symbols
Good book,Good book,
Not the page turner the rest of Grisham books are.,"A bit repetitive, didn't at all like the too many emails between the students and their loan officers - as an attorney with student loans, I have never received an email from the lender.  Zola cries the whole way through.  I also didn't believe the loyalty these three showed to one another.  Law students are competitive.  It wrapped up nicely but to name the new bar the Rooster Bar = how to get the FBI to find you in the country where Zola is from and left to see her parents.  Grisham is the best writer and the only one I read but this one is not his best (least fav after the baseball and Christmas stories and the horrible ending of the Testament.)  The rest were all five star novels.  Worth the read, just not his best.  Not the page turner almost all of his other novels are.",=
Broken,Book came broken,
Not as useful as I had hoped,"I had hoped this would be a quick resource to aid me in my ESL classroom when communicating with parents.  Not really.  I flipped through it a few times, and then gave it away.",
This book is a complete waste of time,"This book is a complete waste of time, first of the colored bold face type throughout the book makes it annoying to read, the color charts are not an accurate representation of the true shades. I think their first book is the best, after that most of the books have only a small portion that is applicable to any one body type. This is a very basic book and probably good for the color blind.",
Bargus,"Although the story line was unique, and the plot kept me guessing until nearly the end who the stalker was, once again I find it difficult to &#34;love&#34; Ms Staub's use of verbs in the present tense (ie: she is leaving the room, she sits up, etc) which is distracting.  It was ok for the price but I would not read this book again or recommend it.",
Skip this Mess,"This book was so bad, I'm not even sure who the author is or what his job was. What high priced attorney makes his investigator sleep on the floor and have no access to office machines? This book is nothing more than a compilation of other people's work. I didn't.t get past chapter two. Terrible whinny writing with a dash of smart a$$. I wanted to punch this guy just for being him. Do yourself a favor and skip this book. There isn't anyone who thinks Scottie is innocent but this clown tried to make a case that cops jumped to conclusions. Would have , could have, been an interesting book but there was no meat on the bones. Plus his authorial voice was annoying.",$$
I ran out right away.....,"to buy this book, as two of the author's others: The Sensualist and The Tattooed Map are two of my alltime favorite books.  Unfortunately, I was greatly disappointed. This is the story of Hippolyte, to me an annoying, unlikeable and dirty smelly explorer type (hmmm...the heroine in The Tattooed Map was also none too clean..)who sets out to find some islands that supposedly do not exist. Sounds like a good story, right? Well, it would have been, except that the bulk of the story consists of Hippolyte trying to convince his editor that his journey was fact and not fiction, as she believes. This is done mostly through letters and notes of historical facts sent back and forth. The &quot;finding the islands&quot; part was way too small, and the rest of the book was sooo boring that any mystery etc. regarding these islands is overshadowed by the simple fact that I didn't want to read on. Also, there is some kind of completely unbelievable romance type thing beginning between Hippolyte and his editor Marie that begins to make the book a little bit more interesting, but it never fully develops into anything. Because I paid full price for this book, I forced myself to finish it. I must say that the illustrations did distract from the boredom of the continuous facts and figures in the book, thus raising it's rating from two to three stars.  All in all, I was sorely disappointed, especially since I was so looking forward to another novel by this, one of my favorite authors.",
I loved Harri!!,"Meet Tracy Clark's new Detective Harriet ""Harri"" Foster! Hide takes place in Chicago and is a mystery/crime genre book, which is my favorite! It's told from the criminal's POV, as well as the investigator's POV...I liked Harri, whose life has been incredibly challenging for the past few years. She not only lost her son five years ago she also lost her last partner to suicide. She is now working in a different precinct - one that has a team of detectives who are a mix of good and bad...Harri struck me as a person who was as kind as she was intelligent...*SPOILER BELOW*..[Make that she HAD been intelligent, right up until the last part of the book. I SO dislike books where a detective (or detectives) goes off on his or her own, without telling anyone what they are doing or where they are going.🙄]..*END OF SPOILER*..Having said that, I felt the good outweighed the bad, and I'm looking forward to reading the next book in the series, called Fall!!",🙄
Wish It was More,"Was disappointed in it , but kept it anyway.  Perhaps I'm to picky.",
"Blather, pure blather","This book is shallow. Sure, it is an easy read, but I am not sure if I want to continue wasting my time. I am glad I borrowed it, and so happy I did not buy it...I am currently on page 122 (of 379), and there are numerous typos; very frustrating. On the second page of chapter one, the character is called West. I had to go back to the first page to read the names of the newly introduced characters to comprehend who this new character was. Oh, not a new character, but Wes spelled incorrectly. Again, very frustrating to read this book.",
Two Stars,"The illustrations are good, but context is ridiculous.",
Trash of a President,"He has made millions by telling his lies to the American people, while giving them nothing but despair. Worst President of our times.",
"Great read, deceptive description","Scarrow is an excellent author an this story is the best yet.  It has everything you would want in a yarn about the Roman Legion.  So why did I give it only 3 stars?  Because of the way the publisher described this book on Amazon.  The initial title states that this book is one of a series of &#34;Novellas.&#34;  However, in the description, this book is listed as being 300 pages long and it doesn't even break 100 pages. That to me is outright deception.  I complained to Amazon and they gave me a refund even though it was a Kindle purchase.  Please be aware that you are NOT buying an entire book, no matter what the description says.",
"Vandana Singh is the standout, the rest failed to impress","I am a great fan of time travel stories, so this immense tome ought to be right up my alley, but it failed to impress. I'm surprised by the absence of Poul Anderson (either a Time Patrol or anything else); there was not a single story which captured the in-depth historical background he brings to his writing, and far too few which had any emotional resonance. The volume did introduce me to Vandana Singh, however, and I plan to look up more works from her in the future.",
Overview and Introduction,The book skims over the subject matter and only introduces the material enough that an interested student can figure out where to go next for more information.  The language is correct but cumbersome and can not be read quickly.  This seems to be partly due the meat of the subject but also due to many awkward sentences. Acceptable text book.,
"Skip the book, see the movie","I saw the moview 1st, then wanted to know more, so I bought the book. The book is horrible. It is obvious (now) that the screen writer took the best ideas from the book, changed the story, eliminated the garbage and created a great story...The moview is a much better story.",
The Dark Monk was Okay,The Dark Monk was a fast read! I thought that it was just okay in comparison to The Hangmans Daughter. It held my interest for the most part but I found some of the plot twists were predictable. I enjoyed reading it since it was a sequel but the book overall fell short of the original.,
Review: Siren's Storm,"his is one of those books that I really wish I could give it a higher rating.  I really liked parts of it.  But, there's always that one things that hold it back.  And really, for me a 3 isn't a bad rating.  It's just that I think there are better books out there...I felt like I didn't really connect with Will.  At times, I felt like his character was all over the place.  Granted with the tragedy in his past, I kind of understand.  Especially when you factor in the idea that he has no idea what happened.  He also has a lot on his plate dealing with his best friend, Gretchen.  Her sleepwalking habits often left me agitated.  Her obsession with Asia also felt forced.  She just sort of shows up in town and he can't help but wonder about her.  I also wanted to him to wake up and see what his obsession was doing to Gretchen... I really did enjoy the mermaid/siren folklore in this story.  It includes the story of Calypso, and her obsession with Odysseus.  When he left her, she was overcome with need for revenge.  It was an interesting twist to the story.  I enjoyed Asia's connections with Calypso and what she's required to do...For some reason, I found the overall story extremely slow moving.  It felt like there was hardly any action to drive the story forward.  It wasn't until Asia tells Will the complete story of who and what she is that the story felt like it was going anywhere.  And then it was over.  It left me with some unanswered questions and the thought that there will be a sequel.",
Historical Romance Novel Set In The 1800s,"I loved theme of the novel being set in England in the 1800s with the lead character being a young female, Celeste Ashton, whose is strong, independent, intelligent and curious about the world around her...Celeste lives along the English coast, enjoys being in and around the ocean in general. She encounters dolphins in the cove next to her home and becomes close with them and is able to study dolphin behavior, which then leads Celeste to write a book about her scientific studies of dolphin behavior...The book she writes becomes a success with popular society, but not within the scientific community itself! A professor of ichthyology, named Titus Thorne, spends two weeks to study if what Miss Ashton has written is really true!! He is out to debunk her book as a total hoax...Does he prove her wrong? You'll have to read for yourself! I found this overall plot/storyline was phenomenal and captivating...What I didn't like where some of the minor characters in the novel like Celeste's irritating Nana and her elderly cohorts! There behavior in the novel was annoying at every turn. I didn't like a lot of the other minor characters as well. Plus Professor Titus Thorne seems way too rigid for a man of his age!..Some of the plot details were surprising and fun, while others weren't so great and detracted from the novel itself!",
Theoretical and dry,Do I need to say more... Very repetitive. Has some good concepts but lot of dry theory. I should have known when the title had such words like Holy Grail and Financial Freedom.,
Lots of suspense and action in a very primitive language,Maybe some people behave like this but they certainly don't talk like this.,
It is supposed to be great  But...,I do not know.. I am having a hard time with the narrator's pace and her voice . After the first part just  to be fair I started over .  I'm giving it another chance and going back to beginning ..  Still not sure if I'm wasting my time.  I read and write a lot  But at this point I'm going to say  not so good so far .and give it up.,
An alright read,"I have never read Rob Thurman before, and after reading this book, I'm not really sure if I'll be reading anything else by her. I would say that this book is about a 3.5, it was a good read, definitely plenty of action and excitement, it just wasn't anything spectacular. This book sorta read like an overly packed action movie. Jackson is a guy with a loaded and trouble past which has left him bitter, scorned and resentful. But that is all there is to him. That's it. I can see the hurt from his past, and yes his snarky comments made me laugh half of the time, but the other half they just annoyed me. The rest of the characters really didn't make an impression on me either. They all felt two dimensional. Yes this book had good plot, but without a strong build of characters your story really falls flat. I will say that I was surprised at the end and the mystery of the killer was not someone that I would have chose, but maybe if I thought hard about it it would seem obvious...anyway, maybe next time I read one of her books I'll loan it from the library..",
Good not great,"I was worried at the start that this would be too YA for me but despite it's YA moments (AKA ""mom loves Johnny more"") it's a very interesting book.  Describing how life changes as the world comes to an end through a journal really brought the story home.  It seemed a bit strange that everyone was taking it so well at the beginning and even days after it happened there wasn't mass panic.  That seemed a bit unrealistic to me but otherwise I think it was a very good tale.  The rest of the books might not at the top of my ""to read"" list but the rest of they are definitely on it!",
There are many better 'art history' books.,"""The History of Art"" by Janson Used by Rice U. (cheap used). ""Art History"" by Gardner used by S.F.Art inst. either one is 100 times better. Bought this looking for something new/inspiration. It is okay, not any full page color plates. It was not inspirational.",
"Convoluted, murky story with stilted writing","I could only read half of the book.  When she spent a very long chapter on the back story of a casual acquaintance of the grandfather of the protagonist, I felt the author was undisciplined in controlling her story.  Yes, there are flashes of eloquent prose.  But the story is herky jerky and she gets sidelined and off on a tangent far too frequently.  As she matures as an author I expect this problem to dissipate.  But this book is just a poor first attempt by a budding young author.",
One Star,"Horrible, Blasphemous, Filthy, and Disgusting. DO NOT BUY!!!",
Lots and lots of problems,"There are other, and much better, Armstrong biographies out there. This one reads and feels as though it was rushed to press immediately after the astronaut's death, and is absolutely full of inaccuracies. Other reviewers have noted some of these, but I was stunned to see Nikolai Kamanin, a senior figure in the Soviet space program, referred to as 'Lev Kamanin' both in the text and the index. It's a sloppy piece of work, in need of serious editing; there are dozens of problems with commas, leaving the text difficult to read, almost as though, in places, it was dictated into Dragon. Pass on this and read 'First Man' instead.",
"Interesting historical setting, mildly intriguing characters","I'm always eager to find new historical mysteries, and especially series of same; but I'm not sure whether I'll read the next two books in this series (or however many have been translated so far)...I suspect that part of my problem lies with the translation, though there's no obvious problem with it. There's something about the progression from scene to scene that didn't quite work for me. I also found it very difficult to keep the characters straight -- even though the names of Danes, Saxons, and Vikings presumably had different origins, they were mostly unfamiliar (or only slightly familiar) and largely composed of vowels. . . ...I didn't dislike the narrator, but I did find his preoccupation with nubile young women a bit annoying at times. His sometimes deadly pragmatism did intrigue me, and I mostly enjoyed his sense of humor. As for Winston, the illuminator turned detective: I liked the idea that a habit of close attention to detail could be transferred from artistic to other uses, but there was something that didn't quite work for me about his transitions from one hypothesis to another...I did appreciate the chance to learn a little about an era in English history with which I was almost entirely unfamiliar. If I return to this series, that'll probably be why.",
"Not as entertaining as I had hoped, but I ...","Not as entertaining as I had hoped, but I think it helped my son to see other teens talking about real issues.",
Amazon! Wake Up!,"Is this book a Joke? Not worth your time even though it is free. The ingredients list mixes liters and ounces. Then, the instructions are strange?.So frustrating to be interested in a recipe and have to convert the measurements. Now I guess the best thing for me to do is remove it from my Kindle.",
One Star,I barely used this book for my Art History class. Sigh. I read one paragraph in total.,
It's OK. I may use it as a resource ...,"It's OK.  I may use it as a resource, but will probably give away.",
Big doesn't mean Good!,"Quite dissappointed by the songs, since it introduces very early the high E note, which in my opinion is the hardest for elementary kids to execute properly. However, it sticks to the 78 songs with only six notes promise. The price printed on the face of the book says $7.95. At least erase it or cover it before advertising its $9.99 price as a great deal!!",$$
Enjoyable enough,"*Warning: spoilers*..I am sad to say that I believe this is the weakest of the Redwall series.  It's not a matter of a familiar plot, but the weakness of the characters, the occasional overly-convenient event, and repetitive descriptions.  The Redwall elders are unusually harsh, particularly in the beginning of the book.  Their characters seem very flat, and any changes in their actions don't seem believable.  While I can accept the most overly-convenient events in a story I'm already suspending disbelief for, the badgers Salixa and Tabura came out of nowhere to fix Gorath's Bloodwrath.  Salixa in particular was ridiculously two-dimensional.  She was described as &#34;slender&#34; and &#34;gentle&#34; far too often to not be repetitive.  I felt like I'd fallen into a random love story that just happened to have an adventure and badgers...I enjoyed the book, and I certainly wouldn't steer younger or dedicated readers away from Eulalia.  The plot was a typical, interesting adventure.  It has its fun characters.  I specifically enjoyed Maudie.  It's an enjoyable story.  The writing just wasn't up to Jacques' normal standard.",
Let the Games Begin!,This sequel re-challenges your brain to solve wildly book related puzzles orchestrated by an eccentric librarian.,
A Pulitzer for this?,"At the risk of being hasty and rash, I could only take 20 pages, and read the book description to find no semblance of a promising plot ahead, or character conflict, and so I bailed.  I must agree with those who soldiered it out, left wondering, as I, about that Pulitzer.  Not the first time I have wondered about the Pulitzer.  The judges do turn to stone on occasion, as in here.",
"A useful, but flawed book.","The title of this mathematics textbook indicates its intended audience:  ""Management, Life and Social Sciences"".  If this is indeed its goal, then the book suffers from a serious flaw, namely, the authors have forgotten that individuals studying ""Management, Life and Social Sciences"" come from a wide variety of backgrounds -- backgrounds which may or may not have included solid grounding in principles of higher mathematics.  Persons, like myself, who come into graduate level business studies from another discipline, have not had the benefit of the mathematics foundations which, say, an engineering student might have had..As such, the text needed ""more words between the equations""!  More explanation of the examples would have been extraordinarily helpful.  Furthermore, while the book is supposedly keyed to the TI-83 graphing calculator, in order to actually exploit this resource, an additional volume (currently unavailable) is necessary.  This is, in the eyes of this student...extremely unhelpful..A previous reviewer noted the use of relevant word problems -- and I agree that this has been useful.  What would have been more useful, however, would have been more actual instruction.",
Do not judge this book by its cover. Its very pretty cover.,"Do you like your male love-interests perfectly robotic?.Do you like unrelatable obnoxiously wealthy protagonists who love to remind you they are in fact, super rich? (So rich they don't even know or care what brand their generic &#34;designer&#34; shoes are?).Do you like books about Stockholm Syndrome?.Do you like pages, upon pages, upon pages of exposition?.Do you like books with unremarkable relationships that just magically 'click' into place when it's clear neither character would or should be even remotely interested?.Then this is the book for you!",
MISSING PAGES,"The book is great. The 17 missing pages near the end are NOT GREAT. I bought this book back in April, so by the time I got to reading all four-hundred-something pages, it was too late to return the book for one that isn't missing pages 402-419.",
One Star,"Thin, flimsy, looks cheap.",
It's just a poorly-written term paper,"This book is easy to read, I'll give it that.  But it is very poorly organized.  It's like someone just sat down and started rambling about ERP without really outlining the book.  Sections are repeated throughout the book.  Major point are difficult to extract.  If I had written this, I'm sure I would have gotten a C.  At least that's what I'd give it.  It just needs to be re-organized.",
"Great entrances, then stalled","I like the concepts behind this book and its stance. “The Electric Joy of Service,” for example, hits hard and immediately with a racist engineer building a lawn jockey-inspired bot, an idea only barely offensive to the industry. But these stories didn’t go past the opening seconds for me: a lot of flash, but I was waiting for them to pickup further, and they made motions of doing so, but somehow stood still. Shame, cuz i saw so much going for them.",
The literary equivalent of modern art...,"After slogging through the first 100 pages of this snoozer I was suddenly seized with the thought that the king might actually have no clothes.  Turning to the last few pages I realized I was right!  This book is the literary equivalent of modern art with the ""intelligencia"" standing around, hands clasped behind their backs, murmuring about how the author has so masterfully ""captured the passage of time"", etc.  Joyce pranked us all with Ulysses and now McGregor is playing the same game, banking on the critics' gullibility. Frankly there are better ways to pass your time...",
Middling,Okay story but the overt political jabs became annoying and seemed silly.  I don't think I'll bother reading any more C.J. Box books.,
Two Words: Borrrr-ring!!!,"The person below who said the first 200 pages were good was being kind. I haven't reached page 200 yet and am beginning to wonder if I ever will. I feel like it's two pages forward, one page back! This is not a physchological thriller - this is not a thriller in any category. The murders are pushed way back in the background and are only occassionally discussed. The politics are just plain stupid! I give it one star only due to Ava and Carson's relationship.",
terrible,"This may not be Flynn’s worst book but it is surely in the bottom five. It moves at a pace designed to make a snail look quick, and the excitement is comparable to watching paint dry. Worst of all, it is stocked with enough filler to make five crates of bad sausage. Just a terrible book. He tops it off by giving Rapp a desk job and marrying him off to a whiny bitch that slugged him in the face when he came back from a trip suffering from a gunshot wound. Worst of all, our hero whimpered and sniveled and apologized to this bad excuse for a wife. There is no way to sugarcoat how bad this all is.",
Problem with the paper it was printed on,There is a dent right in the middle of every page - really too bad when the pictures are so great.,
... but this book is absolute trash and I'm very disappointed. I had been looking forward to reading it ...,"I haven't felt the urge to write a book review in a long time but this book is absolute trash and I'm very disappointed. I had been looking forward to reading it because of the great reviews and the recommendation by Reese Witherspoon, so when it arrived I dove right in. I came away genuinely wondering whether any of the positive reviews were by people who had read a book before. I hate being so harsh, but this book was so contrived and poorly written. The plot was incredibly predictable, the language and dialogue mind-numbing, and the ending so neatly wrapped up it was infuriating. This is honestly not even a good beach read/escape. It's basically a Lifetime movie in novel form.",
3 stars,it was ok,
... projects for me however put 3 starts as i like Cynthia website polimerclaydaily - that is great,did not find inetesring projects for me however put 3 starts as i like Cynthia website polimerclaydaily - that is great!! the book was not useful,
Leaves a lot to be desired,"Lots of cute ideas in the book, but the instructions left much to be desired. The illustration seemed to leave out some of the steps, or have hands covering things I needed to see. Some directions are vague (&#34;form a rose around the band&#34; What?? How??)  The pictures of the compled styles were really nice, but often you are not able to tell exactly how it looks. Overall we had fun, but I would get a different book.",
OK,OK at best.,
Skip it...,"I listened to the audio book and the narrator Kyle McCarley did a fantastic job. He is the only reason why I finished the book. Because if I had read this it would've been DNF less than 50 pages in...This book is the a reminder for me to be careful what I wish for. The last couple of books I read were sorely lacking in world building, this book took it too far. I could see everything because the details were written that intricately. To the point of boredom. Rooms, clothes, jewelry. Names of titles of nobles, religious leaders, and ceremonies were invented. Which is great, but there were so many it was hard to keep track. Standard names like Lord and Priest would've worked too for lesser characters. I also found it weird that all these intricate names and ceremonies were created, but the animals were standard. And although there was mention of magic there wasn't any in this book...Maia, our hero was boring. The standard orphan forced out of seclusion. The problem is there was nothing outstanding about him. He was nice, but no saint. He was smart, but no genius. He wasn't ugly by Elf society standards, but he was no great beauty either. There was nothing about him that stood out. Nothing to make the reader root for him to ""win"". He was a competent ruler, but no champion of the people. If they had killed him off and replaced him at any point in the book I honestly wouldn't have cared...That is another problem with this story. For one that focused on political intrigue and court politics it was lacking both. Starting with our main character. His banishment being accepted by everyone made no sense. His mother a goblin was married to his father to foster an alliance. So her being banished with her baby right after giving birth for the crime of not being an Elf was beyond stupid. Her father the Goblin Emperor should've had more of a reaction. Then she dies and her son, a Prince is sent off to west bubble fuq. Again the Goblin Emperor does nothing. A man with no male heir. He didn't even send a tutor. Maia the fourth son of the Elf Kingdom and the only Prince of the Goblin Kingdom wasn't educated in anything by anyone. He was sent of to rot, when he should've been a pawn his entire life. There were almost no plots at court, no maneuvering.  Just snobs being jerks...It takes forever for there to be any real conflict and even longer for us to find out what happened to his father and brothers. And both things are resolved with relative ease. How does something finally exciting happen, yet it almost instantly becomes boring too. I really don't understand how this book got nominated for so many awards. It must've been a slow year. I won't say I won't ever read this author again, but I won't be reading any more books in this series.",
Great premise,"I enjoyed Heart-Shaped Box more mainly due to its focused narrative.  I found too many flashbacks that bored me. I realize fleshing out characters is needed, but the flashbacks seem overlong.  Halfway through it finally gave me edge-of-seat reading..I enjoy his comics a lot.  Those I recommend.",
Okay for the type of book.,It was overdone in some parts and repetitious in the main characters thinking.,
"Very disappointed on so many levels, not like any book I've ever purchased! Horrible!","Where do I start with this book? It deserves no stars. It's not 25 chapters long. Each recipe is labeled a chapter. So there are 25 recipes & pages do not have page numbers, though the table of contents list pages. Unbelievable errors! Look at the photo, one recipe is double spaced and stretched out over multiple pages. I don't know why this is titled ""The lost Superfoods Book for Beginners / Survival Food Guide & Cookbook for Year Supply and Storage""  There is no info about food storing for a year, no superfoods, so far I don't see any recipes meant to be created out of long term storage foods. Their is no instruction about prepping or survival other than to list the 25 recipes double spaced. Many regular recipes with regular food from fridge, freezer, etc. The gravy and biscuits recipe calls for refrigerator canned biscuits?  You know the kind that you score and they make the loud popping noise. Seriously!! Chili, pasta, yogurt and fruit cups using store made yogurt?? Pasta & meatballs, mac & cheese, for example all use butter, frozen or fresh meat and normal ingredients. Jimmy Dean sausage was listed in one of the ingredient lists. LOL Their are a couple of recipes called Pemmican and Hard Tack that are true long term foods, a jerky recipe but other than that, this is a very poor regular cookbook of worthless recipes that any newbie can find online to learn how to cook basic foods, this is not for long term survival food recipes. This is poor quality. The price of this book is completely over priced. I'm in shock!!!  I have never had this issue buying on Amazon. This should be taken off the market for false advertising. I've never ever had to leave this type of review. Seriously - Don't buy - this is clickbait false advertising, buyer beware!",
Sent this back. It is not the seller fault ...,Sent this back. It is not the seller fault. Book says big print. I still could not see the words on the map. It is not big print!,
"This is a great novel, but it is really poorly translated by ...","This is a great novel, but it is really poorly translated by Anita Nair. Knowing she's an editor and writer herself, I thought Ms. Nair would bring a great ear to the language of the book, but this is where she fails terribly. The language of the book in its original Malayalam is spare and direct, but Nair uses a lot of trivializing British and American idioms that spoil the rhythm and poetry of the novel, even to the point of distorting the meaning. At one point she uses the word &#34;kerfuffle&#34; to describe a fishermen's brawl. In another part of the book, she says something like &#34;He gave her a tight slap,&#34; when the original translates more like &#34;He gave her a nice hit across the face.&#34; There's no GREAT translation of Chemmeen yet, but Narayana Menon's translation (the first one) and the translation by the author, Thakazhi Sivasankara Pillai, are both better than this one.",
Not a fan,Was not a fan. Some of the exercises were very juvenile.,
Very thin notepad,"Cute, but overpriced for what you receive",
Three Stars,IT WAS OKAY,
required for my class,"Horrible to read. This book is difficult to understand and the problems are confusing. I am pretty comfortable with Microeconomics, but this book is not clear at all. Wouldn't recommend, if you have an option!",
Two Stars,Too much bad language.,
Three Stars,Was very good... the ending was a bit disappointing.,
Hugely disappointing,"Why this book is so highly rated is completely beyond me. This is really poorly written, even the separation of chapters makes no sense. The story is bland, the ""characters"" bland, the twists it tries to go for just seem so forced and fake. This reminds me of one of those wildly popular tv series that is really low quality but is on network tv and can appeal to the most possible people.",
Know your history,Well researched book.  Story line could use more character development. Sometimes a little too zealous in the prayer area.,
I couldn't finish it,"It wasn't the fault of the book, necessarily; it could be that I was getting into a series in the middle and didn't have the background. The basic plot--the mysterious deaths of people involved in an auto accident--had to be accepted for the book to be enjoyed, and I thought it was far-fetched. Again, I'm not blaming the author; that's why I'm giving it three stars in a sort of share-the-blame idea; I think it would have been better if I had been able to get into the book before the murders started. My only recommendation to anyone reading this book as his first Roy Grace consider reading the books that came before first.",
A Long Read: Spoiler Alert! Something Very Important That Might Ruin Your Read,"Okay, people who read my reviews on Amazon know what's coming. I hate &#34;true stories&#34; or historical pieces that are not TRUE...I was enjoying this book very much though at times it gets a little 'made up' sounding. Almost like the writer is sort of winging it. So, about 3/4ths through, I start doing some research only to discover the whole thing is a fabrication. It's a lie. Well, so what if it's a good story? That can be up to you. For me, it confirmed what I was sensing in the writing. This guy just wasn't there. It's all made up...From then on, it was very hard to read on knowing it was all a fake.  Then I hit the chapter on their encounter with the abominable snow man. (Snow People? 8' tall!)  Okay, that was just over the top nonsense...It is a fun listen if you don't care or don't know it's a complete fake. Except for some of the totally outlandish nonsense...I am being generous with the stars. The story is pretty good. It's a decent hoax. But it isn't a super-human feat of survival.",
Eh,Got this because it was required by professor. So many mistakes and the book seems to be written by someone not in the medical profession. A lot of made up words.,
NOT YOUR TYPICAL EXPAT STORY,"I have mixed feelings about this book. I liked the way the author Justine Vander Leun has the ability to beautifully detail her experiences in a foreign land through her keen perceptions and skillful writing. But at times, I felt that the writing was dull and uneventful. This is definitely not your typical expat book that Frances Mayes and Peter Mayle have made so popular. The author writes about her love for a dog that she meets and ends up naming it Marcus before she realizes that he is actually a she! That part is very heartwarming but at times sad. She chronicles her new life with her Italian boyfriend Emanuele and his family noting some major differences between her previous life in New York City and Collelungo, a rural Umbrian town of just 200 inhabitants. I finished the book, but I can't say that I couldn't wait to get to the next page. I would have liked to see the tempo of this book picked up a bit.",
Like Indiana Jones 4 or the Star Wars Prequel Trilogy some things just are necessary.,"Decent story. But like all sequels, especially to any groundbreaking story, this has a hard time living up to the first. Miller manages to create a good enough plot for the book, but the layout of the panels is all over the place. The art is a little bit off and the coloring by Varley is usually breathtaking, but not in this case. there are certain pages where you cannot tell for the life of you what exactly is going on. Frank Miller is by no means a bad artist, this book just needed alot more careful planning and better structure. If he is going to do a DK3 there's going to be much more painstaking attention to detail this time...I'd give it a 5.5/10 for a slightly compelling story that is worth reading (IMO) but not worth the fuss of The Dark Knight Returns.",
Very little information about the title character,"This book provides very little information about the title character, and nothing much at all until the last chapter.  Instead, it is a poorly-written, repetitive and jumpy history of the Chinese in America.  The author repeats himself frequently, puts quotes around phrases which do not require it, and recounts anecdotes in a way that makes them boring and irritating.  I felt I was fighting with this book all the way.  The title subject was illiterate and lived a very isolated existence, so there are nothing more than secod-hand accounts and speculation about her.  Even her real name is not known.",
Three Stars,Difficult to read because of the horrors that were done to innocent people during WW II.,
No thanks,Very confusing. Waste of money.,
A labor of love about a totally irrelevant subject,"The writer clearly knows what he is talking about, and he is a respected auto racing journalist...However, this book is boring as hell sometimes. It is overling and tedious...I simply don't care about men in suits going around battling  about stock market, power games, etc etc. Yes, it was (and is important) duue to jobs involved. But, ti race fans, I don't care at all...The end result of this mess was a spec series without any fun, with some teams so powerful that they can put FOUR cars on the grid every race. And one of the team owners even BOUGHT Indianapolis Speedway!!!..The business men, as almost always, destroyed the sport due to sheer greed disguised as ""we want the best for everyone"".",
Not wild about ending.,Same problem as most books of this type.  The ending was contrived. I imagine the author thought he was clever.  I do not agree.  Endings should tie everything together and if they don't it makes your judgment of the book less positive.,
Not the best Grisham,"John Grisham has written a number of very good legal thrillers. The Appeal is not one of them. I have three reasons for my low rating..1. It is too black and white. All the bad guys are uniformly bad and the good guys uniformly good. The main plot involves a chemical company dumping toxic wastes that contaminate the water supply of a small Mississippi town resulting in numerous deaths from cancer. Finally, after her husband and son die from cancer a woman sues the company. A husband and wife team prosecute the case and the jury awards the woman $41 million. Of course the company appeals and a group of sleazy political operatives arrange for a young lawyer to run for the Mississippi Supreme Court with the intention of overturning the verdict...2. It Is hard to tell fact from fiction. In the Author's Note Grisham admits that much of the novel is made up. At the same time some of it is factual. It is hard to tell the difference. For example Grisham cites statistics the show Mississippians to be gun-loving, religiously conservative bigots and the appellate justice system to be corruptible...3. The ending is unsatisfying and incomplete. The reader is left with a feeling of injustice being done. For fans of Grisham there are many of his other novels that are worth reading,",$
Not impressed with the characters,"I know that Ed Brubaker has a strong reputation in the comics community, but I can't say that I was impressed with this. Kill or be killed establishes itself as a more grounded take on the vigilante genre of comics, but over four issues, I'm not really looking forward to more...The story starts on our main character killing a bunch of gang members, and him flashing back to how he got to this point. Dylan is a professional student with a lot (and I mean a lot) of mental health problems. After attempting to take his own life, he sees a demon (or does he!?) who tells him that unless he takes a life of someone who deserves it every month, he'll die instead. The story then follows his first sloppy kills to when I suppose he eventually gets good...I suppose my basic problem with the series is that it both wants to act as political commentary while also being bleak for the sake of being bleak. Dylan is prone to making standard political commentary about police violence, the drug trade, and social problems, which is fine as far as it goes. But he also wants to disregard the law and kill people to make the world better, which goes against pretty much everything the first thing is trying to be. This type of having the cake and eating it too results in some of the worst Punisher stories, and it doesn't work any better here. The fact that all the main characters are basically screw-ups didn't endear me to them either...I will say the artwork is good, but I'm not planning on going any further with this series.",
better than a travel guide,"This was a nice book to read before I left for Sydney. Gave me a bit of a different perspective than a travel guide would, while still offering plenty to explore.",
OK read,"Wanted closure to the Bookshots &#34;Cross Kill&#34;, but did not get it. Hard to believe the author just let this short story go unresolved. No more pre-orders. I will wait to read the early reviews on the next novel before I spend the cash.",
Interesting premise,"I am a big fan of the “V” series.  This is a well written story, but it just never quite sucked me into the plot.  In my opinion, it was good but lacked feeling real.",
Too simplistic,"I hate writing negative reviews because I know how much work went into publishing the work, but... This work is sub-par, and I believe the author could do better. I like the idea of a modern retelling of the original story, which is what I thought this would be, and I even liked the time-travel twist for the most part. Unfortunately, the writing itself was too simplistic for an Austen-inspired story. Better writing, more along the style of Austen herself, would have added to the integrity and credence of the story. However, if you're stuck in a car and looking for meager escapist literature, you may enjoy this book. Just get it from the library.",
Travel size,This is listed as a coloring book not a travel size coloring book so disappointed...and some of the designs are not even what I'd call steampunk glad I didn't order the set and next time I will read reviews because that's the only place you could find a size listed,
MID to say the least “SPOILER ALERT”,"I have read my fair share of manga/manhwa and I had high hopes for this one. I thought it was going to be amazing!! NOPE story wasn’t clear from the start, ending had no build up. You could barely understand what the ending even means. No character development. Is the class prez a perv or not, is he married or not. Some scenes just didn’t make sense. Waste of money to be honest.",
Not impressed,"This book was a let down. Arrived in great condition and in good time, but I found this novel just to be a re-hash of 'Bastard Out of Carolina'... Not worth it, skip this one.",
Small Book Little Information,Was disappointed in this book. It is small so does not have much information. Better books are out there on this same subject. Save your money and purchase one of those.,
Not Recommended,"Too many books like this in the same vein and with the same concept of the criminal intent on harming the detective in charge of the case.  The actual crimes, quite sickening.",
Three Stars,it was interesting but not as spiritually involved as I thought,
boring,not what I thought.,
Oddly academic & needlessly stuffy for a general audience,"I'm not sure if Microsoft used non-native English speakers or simply those not used to writing for the general public.  Example:  on page 717 the DB() function is described.  Nowhere does the book say &#34;DB = declining balance.&#34;  Anyone who works in accounting would know what that means but the authors call it the &#34;geometric-degressive&#34; depreciation method.  Who, outside of academics, talks like that???  Even the examples are hard to follow.  I can live with digressions about tax consequence if only the writing was clear.  I've purchased several of the inside-out series of books and this is the first one that really disappointed.  Microsoft:  if Einstein can explain relativity in straightforward terms, why can't you use authors who write clearly, with a practical orientation?",=
Huh...,"This the first book I read in the series and it will probably be my last, I made it about 45% through the book and realized this story just wasn't doing it for me. Sometimes it can be intriguing or even sexy to read about the taboo or forbidden this book (even though it's supposed to be about those things) seemed to lean more towards the main male character being creepy and the female naive and ignorant than sheltered and innocent. There also wasn't enough relationship build up between the creepy fake uncle that has random flashbacks of his niece in name only when she's young enough to be wearing pigtails and said fake niece. Needless to say, this one wasn't for me.",
A disservice to metaphysics and science alike.,"This did nothing to prove to me that there is any science behind The Secret. The author, though clearly an accomplished scientist, offers no empirical evidence of The Secret at work. He only makes comparisons and allusions between quantum theory and metaphysics. It's a disservice to both followers of metaphysics and science.",
I don't get it...,"Gee, so much hype about this book, how could I not read it? But now that I'm finished, I can't undrstand the hype.....The story began well, with enough intrigue to make me wonder what the heck was wrong with this picture. And the language of the story (the writing itself) was very pleasing to follow.  But about half way through, after we discovered what was really happening with Amy, the plot became (in my opinion) implausible and a little silly.  The mystery started off seriously enough but then deviated into a soap opera tale of !megalomaniacal treachery! None of the potential plot lines from first part of the story were developed into anything diabolical ( e.g. the purchase of the gun, Nick's father's strange behavior at the housewarming, Amy's cryptic friendship with Noelle)--most of the mystery was dropped altogether--and then all of a sudden I was forced to accept an unbelievable (& I mean really not believable) turn of events unfitting of the characters thus far developed.  It was not like &#34;Wow! I didn't see THAT coming!!&#34; , it was more like &#34;No way! It wouldn't (or shouldn't) happen like that!!&#34;..Another issue for me, that I realized about 3/4 of the way through, was that the main characters, Nick and Amy, were falsely developed. The first part of the story portrayed them, in depth, to be certain personalities, but then those were discarded in exchange for the more wicked traits of the revealed characters. I understand that this was supposed to be the big twist, but the second-part Nick and Amy were never really fleshed out to make them believable.  I felt as if I never had a grasp on Nick's character at all--was he a handsome streetwise literary? A small-minded, small-town dullard? A scheming, twisted match for his sociopathic wife? How was Amy ever beautiful and gracious, if she was only ever calculative and malevolent? And at what point did they become poison for each other? I was never made to understand how their relationship became a &#34;sick, toxic M&ouml;bius strip&#34;:  that would suggest long-standing dysfunction, but that part of their story was not written here.  I felt that, in order to appreciate the grand turn-of-events, I had to blindly accept that Amy, and to an extent, Nick, were, and had always been, evil...I have many other small issues with the plot, and was perplexed by the resignation of the ending, but suffice it to say that a story with great potential for intrigue and complexity veered off to become a typical bland, superficial, best-seller-list mystery (in my opinion).",
Could not finish this nonsense,"I can't believe how awful this series has become.  When I started with the first book in this series, I was delighted with the setting, the characters and the plot.  This last book was so bad I couldn't finish it.  Fully the first 40% of the plot involves Bay and Landon arguing about nothing, very much like a pair of 5-year-olds..  Bay's family says she has become Whiny.  That is an understatement.  The characters of Bay and, to some extent, Landon have become inane and vapid.  Altogether a most disappointing read.",
Comical It's So Bad,"I borrowed this book/DVD set from the library on a whim, and was leafing through the book when I noticed a some pictures in the Ground Fighting chapter that were straight out an entry-level jiu jitsu class when the instructor says, ""never do this"".  After studying various martial arts for a decade, I couldn't believe that the author was advocating passing a closed guard with one arm inside and the other outside of the opponent's locked legs, not to mention pictures of arm bars with the opponent's thumb pointing in the wrong direction, making the submission largely ineffective.  Then I flipped back through to the standup fighting techniques and began to notice some things that had evaded my first perusal: a ball-of-the-foot roundhouse kick, and the kind of old-school karate blocks look pretty badass in a kata, but will get you beaten to a pulp on the street.  While there are some effective, proven techniques in this book, there are also some maneuvers that could either get you hurt, or, in a best-case scenario, laughed at..Thinking that the DVD could only be better, I gave that a try.  This was pure comedy, showcasing two stickly guys throwing half speed punches with the form of eight-year-old girls.  I can't believe this footage hasn't gone viral yet.  There was little to no editing as they were constantly readjusting the four tumbling mats that they had set up, and were often whispering instructions to one another.  At one point, the sound of a fire truck siren lingered outside of the building until they shut off the microphone and continued in silence.  I won't even get into this DVD's other home-movie production values.  Anyway, the whole thing was so bad, it was good..I would not recommend this to anyone unless they needed a good laugh.",
interesting,Interesting read but outdated. Don't understand why my biopsyc teacher wants us to read such an outdated book. Interesting cotect though.,
Do not buy this book - each page is blank,This book is a trick.  It is meant to be a joke but nothing in the write up says that.  Each page is blank stating that there are not any reasons why cats are better than dogs.  Do not buy this book.  Rip off.  Amazon should pull this.,
Not as enjoyable as Henry V,"I read parts 1 and 2 of Henry VI to close out my New Year’s resolution. I didn’t like these two as much as Henry V. None of the characters are particularly likeable, and it’s mostly just a bunch of noblemen squabbling over succession.",
Returned,This was not what I was looking for and it was sent back to seller.  I reordered another that I just love.  The Fix-It and Forget-It is a huge cookbook full of recipes that I will actually use.  I wanted lots of soups and stews for a crock pot.  I am very happy now.,
Side story of Nexus series,"This story picks up the side story from where the Nexus, Abby, insists that the human halfbreeds with affinity to magic be brought into the fold, matched with mentors and taught how to access and use their magic.  This is also the story of Sophie and her mentor, a relative of Zander's named Raffin.  IMO, not really book 2.5 and can be read after Pixies in the Park...I would recommend that a person read this series in the following order regardless of how the order is stated in the descriptions:..Raven Dexter, Paranormal Midwife.Impractical Magus.Chubby Is The Night.Gnomes of Suburbia.Gargoyles in the Round.A Nexus Xmas.Pixies In The Park.Hotel Spectre.A Nexus Wedding",
well-crafted but not exactly an easy read,"Yes, this book is haunting and lyrical.  It is as much poetry as it is prose.  The writing is bare-boned and sparse, each word carefully chosen.  I think this would appeal to some readers, but from my perspective, it was a bit too unadorned.  I couldn't quite tell where it was set (Africa?  the US?  desert or vacated surburbia?), I had a hard time keeping track of who was narrating, I found the descriptions from the dog's perspective to be odd and confusing, and I didn't know enough details about the characters to find them particularly compelling...My sense is that this would be a good book for classroom reading, providing fodder for thought and meaningful discussion, but I'm not sure I wouldn't recommend it to someone looking for a breezy, entertining read.  The ending is a bit of a downer, and the whole book is humorless and somewhat slow-paced.  I felt like I was plodding through a parched dessert when reading it.  The book is quite well-crafted, so I don't have much criticism of the book itself -- I just think it has limited appeal.",
Really really dissapointing,This is one of the worst books that i ever forced myself to finish. The present wasnt that bad but the past portion was pointless. It didnt connect the two and made you sit and hope that something made sense but it never did.,
I love most of Sacks work,Okay. I love most of Sacks work. This was okay..,
Found it boring,Seemed too disgenuous somehow. Just not for me.,
Extremely Boring and Bloodless,"This is the most boring and bloodless Abercrombie novel I've ever read. Went on vacation in Sweden and bought this book to read on the ride back home. Fell asleep literally while flipping through the first few pages. It's strange too, because I love the &#34;First Law&#34; books. But I'm probably going to sell this on Amazon to get some worth out of it. Or, give it to charity. I certainly won't let it take up room on my bookshelf.",
Buy A Better Quality Book on the Same Topic,"This book was not what I thought that it would be. The recipes were uninspiring and lacked the quality that Dr. Steven R. Gundry, MD, had in the recipe section of his book, &#34;The Plant Paradox&#34;. I would recommend buying that book, instead.",
Disappointing,I am a great fan of Martin Cruz Smith but I agree with others that this was one of his weakest works. It reads as if he has lost interest in his characters. The plotting was weak and the conclusion risible.,
Fir older kids!!!,Purchased for my 3 yr old. Not appropriate at all fir that age.,
Disappointing,"When you read a plot about 12 female secret agents who were deployed out of London during the war to the front lines as spies and to pass information on to the Allied sympathizers and supporters, as a history buff you jump right in!  But this... this novel made women come off as incompetent and run purely by emotion and love than logic and survival.  I had really high hopes from the plot but the author did not present strong, capable women.",
Difficult subject,"3.5 Stars. Slimy men, tiny but fierce women, and a difficult plot or maybe it’s just me.",
Ok book,I disliked that the product advertises a ton of stickers included yet most of the stickers are very tiny.,
Dark background and black lettering doesn't work,The words are almost illegible on the first few pages.. The dark background with black lettering is just awful and irresponsible. It should have been an easy fix for the publisher. Otherwise it's a cute book with a nice amount of pages and a sweet story. Just disappointed with the first impression of the first pages.,
Too much detail,"While the premise was interesting, the detail became overwhelming, suffocating the story. Each side story should have a point buttressing the main story or making you feel the story more -- Hill is not there yet. Needs a much heavier hand to edit it down.",
""" If you find it particularly easy to suspend your disbelief","Almost stopped several times... From a conversation with my wife while listening to this on a long drive: &#34;If he says 'countenance' one more time, we're throwing the disk out the window.&#34;  If you find it particularly easy to suspend your disbelief, like if you believe that members of congress who speak before hate groups really don't know where they are or who they are speaking to, then you may also be taken in by this novel.  We did finish it, by the way, and heaved a sigh of relief when it was finally over.  I think we are done with Dean.",
"Cute, but too short",Only 4 pages.,
"A little of the good, the bad and the ugly","In some ways it is 5-star, in others it is 1-star -- thus the 3 stars. I cannot lie. I found this book difficult to read due to the author's style and odd grammar, but I do find it to be a worthwhile book because it says things that NEED to be said and are not said enough...SOME PROS: This book -- as maddening as it was to read -- caused me to look at my own very different life experience in relation to Jesus in a new way that causes me to think it was not so different from Ms. Tower's after all. I also liked the way she put a good emphasis on treating one another with love and how important that is. This book gave me a whole new appreciation for pastors. I never really realized just how much one person in their church could put them through (sorry Ally, but you leaned on them a LOT...!!!). At the same time, I hope that pastors are the main people who read this book -- because it might help them realize how shunning is truly ineffective. I don't blame the pastors for Ally's problems, but she did trust those pastors like they were family and it was not until they learned to treat her with more acceptance and love that they could all really work to pray together in a way that was good for everyone involved. Her story highlights how easily the clergy can be their own worst enemy when they fear a person having problems rather than trusting God...SOME CONS: Poor editing of this book made it sometimes difficult for me to read. It would have been good for the editor to sit with the author and have her clarify the many sentences she wrote that truly made no sense without having to ""figure it out"" before continuing. I found this to be exasperating at times, but I really wanted to hear her story and plowed through. I often felt she was taking me in never-ending circles as she kept reverting back to where she started over and over. That is, she would reach out to the church, but then get involved more with Wicca. I think what bothered me the most was that although she elaborated (probably too much) on her conversations with different pastors and deacons and their wives regarding her spiritual struggle, she made not one allusion that I can remember to having told the Wiccans she was going to church. I wanted to know more about them and she seemed to protect them from exposure while elucidating about details of the rituals perhaps to prove that it was not ""satanic.""..BUT I HAVE TO GIVE IT TO HER -- ANOTHER PRO: My mind kept judging her as I read the book, ""How can she do that? Why is she so wishy-washy?"" when she would reach out to the pastors of her church, have an awakening and feel touched by the Lord Jesus, and then go back into doing a full-out Wiccan ritual. I as stunned as I realized how like her I have been in my own life, (only without a relationship with the church and pastors), and how I strayed from true Christianity for 30 years -- following a guru while also calling myself a Christian and blithely thinking and feeling there was nothing at all wrong with that...!!!  Wow wow wow. I was just like her -- only in a different setting!..MORE CONS: It bothers me -- a LOT -- that she quoted so very few Bible passages in this book. People should be told that the Lord makes it clear that sorcery and witchcraft are an abomination in His eyes. I also wonder why in the world the pastors did not quote that passage to her (or if they did, why she chose not to mention it). Which leads me to another important point: the very few Bible quotes she gave were not from the real Bible but from paraphrasing ""bibles."" I realize that most Christians have NO CLUE that the 200-some ""new translations"" of the Bible are NOT the same Bible that Christians have given their lives to preserve for so many centuries. (Please check out YouTube videos with Gail Riplinger, David W. Daniels and others for more information if you don't want to buy their books on the topic. We are talking about the Word of God here. It is IMPORTANT...!!!!)..Last but not least, the author makes it TOTALLY clear that she was never a satanist and rarely thought she was doing anything ""bad"" in Wicca. She spends way too much time defending herself and defending Wicca and for me the cliffhanger of the book was to find out whether she would EVER see and admit that Wicca ultimately IS a tool of the devil. (And the answer is, well, yes and no. She kinda sorta admits it without making it too plain -- apparently because she feels it is too offensive to think of it that way?)..It was an exhausting book to read, but I am glad I read it. Actually, I have 10 pages to go before completely finishing the book but have already speed-read through to the end. Some books you wish would never end; this book is one I am very glad ended. I wish the author well and I am glad she is sharing her story -- yet I also feels she would or will be able to write a MUCH superior book once she gets her life and head straightened out a while longer (and starts also learning to read the REAL Bible...!)..Last but not least, the author does not seem to understand (or admit) that there really ARE a lot of different types of witches -- and probably also a lot of different types of Wiccans. I found her defense of Wicca to be incessant even though she finally let go of it in the end. I can understand now the reviewer who said s/he got the impression that the author may not have really let go all the way yet...I might question the veracity of the author were it not for the fact she has come out with a second book, FROM THE CRAFT TO CHRIST. I purchased both of them at the same time, and have a feeling I am going to enjoy it very much as it includes the stories of eight other former witches who have come to -- or come back to -- serving our Lord Jesus Christ. God bless you, S. A. Tower. I hope I have not offended you with my blunt review. I recommend the book!",
Could have been better,I thought this would have given some topics on some more relevant items than it did but I found it very interesting. I think that the money we spent could have purchased something better but I dont regret listening to it...+.Funny at times.Informative..-.Clips from his radio program.It was short.Could have more relevant topics.Tried to be too funny at times,+
Shirley Temple.,The writing is very small in this book. Good book otherwise.,
Not my cup of tea,"Slow moving and quite dull.  Sophie was not likable, but a spoiled brat.  This book disappointed me.  I trudged through it but not enjoying it.",
Book in very poor condition,"Book i bad condition. It has obviously gotten wet and all the pages were wrinkled and I don't even want to touch it, its gross.",
A New Category,It seems to me that there are two imposters here.  The first is the person who wrote the book who then claimed it was written by Lee Child.  It is difficult for me to believe that it was actually written by Lee Child.  The second is the character in the book who claims to be Jack Reacher.  Really?  Trying to believe that is like trying to accept Tom Cruise as Jack Reacher in the movie versions of these stories.  I've read all of the previous Jack Reacher novels.  This one should be in a new category:  Jack Reacher novels written by Lee Child's ghostwriter.,
Too many questions,"I agree with most of the reviewers; this was a book that presented more questions than answers.  One question that I don't remember seeing was how could Tobias be a GD and Divergent when he also was resistant to the serum and had to be injected with the Divergent serum.  Michael, the lab tech said that Tobias showed a talent for resisting the simulations but that was all and it was an anomaly gene that allowed Tobias to appear to be Divergent.  Well, if he could resist simulations and serums and all the other cool stuff that Tris could do...(if it looks and talks like a duck)...I didn't get how Peter loved being evil but at the end wanted to erase his memory so he could forget all the evil stuff he did...And why was the ""secret"" so powerful it would change everything...but didn't change a thing when it was revealed?..Finally, I failed to comprehend why dividing people into factions would make them undamaged. The peace at all cost (Amity)faction wouldn't have survived a generation unless they could isolate themselves.  The selfless (Abnigation) faction would have little or no factionless people and all the starving factionless would run to that corner of the city making it impossible to sustain.  The nerds (Erudite)would shut themselves off and never have interbreed to create pure genes.  The tell it like it is (Candor) faction would hate each other by the end of the first year.  And the tattoo daredevils (Dauntless)would try to take over the other 4 factions.  There would be no way these factions could live together in a city and no way to keep one faction from taking over the weaker ones. None would heal, much less produce GP people.",
Three Stars,I misunderstood this to be the regular book not a script.,
violence,Can't comment on anything other than the twisted violence of the murder scene in the first pages.  Turned me right off and the book went into my Goodwill donation box.,
"A good reference, but still at a higher level than expected","I bought the book specifically because of the ""Create embedded hosts that access USB storage devices"" on the cover and in the summary.  My aim was to learn more about what has to happen on a USB host in terms of initialization and communicating with a mass storage device.  The book content on this topic is at a higher level and pretty short...As a general reference at a higher level on what happens with USB mass storage communications, the book is very good.",
Waste of money and time,"I thought this book was about ideas in incorporating &#34;thermal&#34; aspects into architecture, that it might provide some ideas or include some pictures.  It does none of that, it is nothing more than a story about fires, hot water, etc., that could have been written by a 5th grader.  There are no pictures or ideas whatsoever. wish I had not wasted the money.",
Easy read. Loved the changes of time,Easy read.  Loved the changes of time.  A bit melodramatic but fast moving.,
Revelations was the best story of all of them,"The Inhuman Condition is another example of Clive's vast and never ending line of macabre, erotic horror stories. This book was a little more strange than most, and for Clive, it seemed kind of milk toast. Revelations was the best story of all of them, yet even that lacked any real depth. I was good, but not great.",
"Take notes, no kidding.","I really wanted to love it. Kate Morton is one of favorite writers and I've been waiting forever for her next book.  The Clockmaker's Daughter left me confused, frustrated and just plain feeling dumb. I bought both the book(kindle) and the audible version. It wasn't long before I realized I was completely unable to rely only on the audible version. I do recommend the book but with this tip: take notes!  The story  switches in time, place and characters. I actually think the histories of the different time frames may have been my favorite parts because it was so hard to keep the rest in my head and even after it was finished I still couldn't keep it straight.  Who the heck did PALE JOE become as an adult?  For these reasons I gave the book 3 stars.",
"2.5 stars from me: I learned from it, but I was also irritated by it and the tone","The book did motivate me to learn more and reduce waste. However, I think the author is not part of an everyday family with average means and access, and I suspect she doesn't work a typical job in terms of core working hours and flexibility. Yet I think she wrote her book for typical families -- those with average monetary and schedule considerations. I was irked the tone of the book and what I perceived to be the sense that many scenarios families face are clear-cut, black and white choices between right and wrong, good and evil...Much of what she recommends requires you to have lots of spare time and resources. And most of us do not have access to much of what she recommends using/buying. I do realize that if you and your family dive 100% into this process the way she was able to, you will save money, and, therefore, might gather the means to be more flexible and be able to afford this lifestyle. But if you and your family cannot dive in 100%, this process will cost much more in terms of time, energy, resources, and money. I think her family supported her ambition without exception, and that makes the transition to and sustainment of this lifestyle much easier. In reality, though, I suspect that most families will support small aspects--but not most or all--of this lifestyle, so I think many families will wind up leading both lifestyles partway, which is maybe okay to do, but it will take more time, energy, and money to do it. She needs to address that and help the partway families or the families with reluctant members. A more modular approach in the book might have helped a wider cross section of families...She also seems to live in a binary world where a thing is either useful or useless, and it is that one thing to every member of the family unequivocally. What I find to be use/ful/less is subjective, and I'm not the only person living in my household. So her advice about things like decorating is useless and often irritating. Lastly, I can't relate to lots of the recommendations, such as using turkey lacers for toothpicks and getting laser surgery instead of using reading glasses...If the book had approached the transition more incrementally, if it had been framed differently, and if it addressed the typical family in our society, I think I'd recommend it. As is, I think you can learn more from the internet and by reading various facebook groups that support reduction and reuse. I got the book in paper format because I wanted to read it, learn from it, and then share it without the restrictions that kindle-sharing imposes. Mission partially accomplished since I did learn some things from it, but it irked me as much as helped me, and I can't recommend it without reservation.",
good book for basics.. but....,"this is a good book so don't get me wrong it just lacked some.. The author gives a clear outline of what Church is supposed to be, but then encourages people to stay in the system that lacks..So i do not give this any more than 3 stars.  He makes some very good points and thoughts so this book is not thrown out with the bathwater either....read it, but have your own opinion..",
Three Stars,The stories from at least two of the books make little sense.,
Disappointed,"Dumb book.  It had too many ""cheap-looking"" crafts AND the book was printed in China. Was hoping made in USA! Very disappointing and sorry I wasted my money.",
Soderberg is not Jo Nesbo,"I was very disappointed in this mystery.  It was advertised as &#34;If you love Jo Nesbo, you must read Alexander Soderberg&#34;...so wrong, in my opinion.  Jo Nesbo is one of the most brilliant authors today with his Norwegian based mysteries.  Where as Soderberg is Swedish and the countries are close in proximity, that is where the comparison should end.  Totally unsatisfying read.",
Definitely Lacking Da Vinci Magic,I have read all 5 of Dan Brown's novels.  Here's how I would rank them:..#1 Da Vinci Code (great).#2 Digital Fortress (good).#3 Angels & Demons (average).#4 Lost Symbol (poor).#5 Deception Point (terrible)..My biggest problem with The Lost Symbol is that I completely guessed the anticlimatic ending a quarter of the way into the book.  The plot also requires supposedly intelligent characters to be unbelievably trusting and careless...There are a few interesting historical facts introduced throughout the book but certainly nothing close to those in Da Vinci Code or Angels & Demons.,
Worst value I have ever seen!,This is not a workbook! It's literally 5 pages repeated again and again. The whole book is 50 pages!.15 pages of just lines - to put prospects names on..21 pages to put prospects names and follow up info - one page of blocks to fill in - duplicated 21 times.. 9 more pages of just lines  - to craft your story with only 2 paragraphs to explain how to do this.. One page w six short paragraphs to discuss options for a calendar..3 pages w a brief form to fill in a helping your  distributor support check list..One page with 2 paragraphs that is a conclusion page..One page listing author's books..One page with 6 paragraphs saying 'one final note!..This is a total waste and a total rip off. Author should be ashamed of herself!,
Looks used.... probably isn't.... We can't really tell.,"The cover is folded at the corner, with scratches, looks used from the outside.  We can't really tell and we really hope it isn't  a used product since we paid for a new book.",
"Okay, but not wonderful","This book is focused more on voice overs for cartoons, different dialects, etc.  I'm more interested in voiceover work for corporate presentations.  It did have some good advise but not as much as I expected.",
Poorly researched. Has many facts wrong.,Inaccurate. Doing a research paper on Tesla and found many many errors in this book when compared to Tesla's own writings and that of other authors. Wouldn't recommend this book.,
"Nope, not great at all. Very Disappointed!","I'm usually a huge Joseph Martin fan, but this is way off..Loud, even bombastic, it sounds like a BAD John Williams score..Overuse of brass, percussion, frantic tempi..Tacky, cheesy, sounds like it would be used in a mall or tv commercial.",
A decent enough beach read,"This is a fairly interesting book, given the hoopla surrounding it. People have been comparing this to various books, especially Fifty Shades of Grey, due to the book containing a moderate amount of sex scenes. I need to say straight off that I'm not  a Fifty Shades fan, so when I picked this up I was more expecting to find something new to poke fun at...People picking this up hoping that it will contain as many sex scenes as FSoG will be disappointed. Yes, there is sex in the work, but it's nowhere near as prevalent as some of the professional reviews would have you believe. The book *is* liberally sprinkled with sex or references to it, but it's more of an afterthought than anything else and Hilton could have probably removed or reduced many of these scenes without harming the novel. Doing this probably would have worked out well for Hilton, as the critics were right about one thing. The sex scenes are easily the weakest part of the book. They're not awful, but they just feel a bit superfluous at times. It's not Laurell K Hamilton level, where her characters go &#34;OK! STOP - SEXY TIME&#34; (my apologies to MC Hammer) at ridiculous moments, so the book does have that going for it...The characters are OK enough for the most part, although the majority of them just sort of faded in and out of the book. I don't know that I could really name many of the characters outside of Judith and Rupert, as I forgot about many of them once they'd served their purpose in the book. Judith is relatively interesting, as she's far from a likable person but still has some occasional twinges of regret now and again...Maestra really takes off whenever Hilton starts writing about art and the forged paintings, as this is easily the most entertaining stuff in the book and I can't help but wish that there was more of this as opposed to the sex and murder. I like books that have unlikeable, yet compelling lead characters, but this just wasn't quite a four star read for me. It's certainly entertaining and would make for a good beach read, but I can't help but hope that Hilton manages to work out the kinks in part two of the series otherwise I'm not sure that the Maestra series has enough gusto to make a satisfying trilogy.",
Was NOT impressed,"I really was looking forward to book 10. Even half way through it I was looking forward to book ten. What happened? It just never jelled.  LOTS of loose ends that never came together.  LOTS of plot points that never made sense. AND mostly it appears. LOTS of stress on a wonderful writer to put a book out to please fans that would have pleased those fans much more if she would have taken her time and just had worked it out more thoroughly.  The end left SO MUCH to be desired.  It was like Ms. Harris just gave up and said OK I'm tired....enough.  Frankly, that's the way I'm beginning to feel as well!",
A Good Read  3 1/2 stars,Even though this book is part of the Tony Hill/ Carol Jordan series Val McDermid does an excellent job of making it a stand alone book. You don't  have to read the preceding books before reading it but afterwards you might want to...In the beginning of the book one woman's body is found and another woman has gone missing - are the two crimes connected? The author let me feel I was very clever by letting me think  that I'd figured it but then I would be wrong and this happened more than once. One thing I really liked about the author's writing is that even though terrible things happened the author didn't go overboard with graphic details which to me make some books totally unreadable...She also gives a good background and history for the characters but I also felt sometimes this slowed the book down and could have used a bit of editing.  How many times have we been told that juries expect to see evidence presented like on the tv show CSI. Also I didn't need to hear about budget cuts - it's a murder this evidence should be processed first...I enjoyed this book but I felt I would have liked it better as an audio book. I did listen to the audible sample and liked the narrator - when I read it I didn't feel I had the right British accent in my head.  I didn't figure out who did it but I think readers who read more crime mysteries will have.  This book did make me more interested in the books that preceded it.  Read as a netgalley copy.,
Weird and not Mathemagical,This is a very strange rendition of the princess and the pea. Despite the book's focus on finding a REAL princess this is never well defined and it was very confusing to explain. None of the characters are well developed or likable. The book misses an opportunity to incorporate math in some way which is meaningful to the story. Instead the numbers just seem to clutter the story and add to the confusion.,
Not a fan of this calendar,This calendar is nothing more than a collection of screen shots from Movies. How sad!  We returned ours.,
Awful,This is not really a book. It seems to be copies of possible small articles. Just a nothing bunch of words. Candace Owens deserves better. She works hard to be honest and do good. This is so disrespectful. Sixty-four pages that actually could have been printed on three. Save your money.,
Too Hip,I found this cookbook to be a bit pretentious & self absorbed w/more bio-photographs than recipes I found interesting. My guess is it's for Kinfolk only.,
So much alcohol,"Nice mystery. Unlikable characters. But what struck me most about this book was the excessive, overwhelming, repetitive emphasis on drinking. Even many of the characters were defined mostly by their drinking and drunkenness. To be fair, this seems to be a broader trend than just this particular book, but it did become tiresome.",
Disappointing and repetitive novel,"I did not finish this book. It was very repetitive and uninteresting. While I was looking forward to reading about Catherine of Aragon - books about Henry VIII typically focus on Anne Boleyn and ignore Catherine's motivations - the execution was poor. First, there were significant implausibilities in the portrayal of King Ferdinand and Queen Isabella of Spain. Gregory protrays them as rather open minded and solicitous of Islamic practices. Catherine is portrayed as very appreciative of the Muslim legacy of Spain. This is absolutely ridiculous, considering the fact that Ferdinand and Isabella were brutal religious fanatics who sparked the infamous Spanish inquisition. Second, Gregory portrays the relationship between Catherine and Henry VIII's older brother, Prince Arthur as a love affair. I suppose it is possible, but very unlikely in that time period. Gregory's purpose, of course, is the key premise of this book - that Catherine of Aragon lied when she said that her marriage to Arthur was not consummated, which means that her marriage to Henry was unlawful under church law. However, the efforts to make this point are rather forced - the romance between Arthur and Catherine reads like a nauseating dime store romance",
Dry and outdated - disappointing for such a relevant subject,"Draws the bulk of concepts and ideas from outdated data (1950s-1980s). It's difficult to believe that the field of medical sociology is so popular and growing, as the author states, and yet there is a serious lack of recent research. Disappointed that the book did not engage the reader as much as it could have - it was a very dry read.",
Pages bent but book appears to be unread,"Condition of book was marked as very good.  Since the spine was stiff and pages clean, I’m guessing it was unread.  Top of spine was torn and that corner appeared to have been jammed, bending all pages and covers.  Because the condition was listed as Very Good, I’m guessing this happened in shipping, packaging was plastic bubble wrap, big enough to allow the book to slide around.",
good ld clean murder mystery,"good murder mystery... however if you listen /read to many of these back to back they do get redundant (same same same) recipes are nice for those who cook, personally I zone out during them as even they all sound the same to this non-baker.",
Futility in Poor English and Bad Writing,"This is the same book as book 2 of the trilogy except the chase is going southeast instead of southwest as was in book 2. The same repetition of chasing sequences and the same repetition of daily camping at night and up in the morning and porridge eating goes on throughout the entire book with no variation. It missed a good chance to explore the hostility between the Hittites and the Mittanis and a chance for great stories..Once again, the same editing and proofreading errors are all over the place which made the reading very painful. It is mind bugling to think that the publisher will accept books that do not have the command of simple English. Has the education level of the public really got so bad that even these professionals do not know correct English any more?",
"Can someone tell this idiot that Iraq was not behind 9/11, pre-emption my foot","Can someone tell this idiot that Iraq was not behind 9/11, pre-emption my foot. its a one big mess, thats all.",
Not for me,I found this so over the top it was hard to read. I did not enjoy the wildness and did not finish the book. I am certain there are lots of people who enjoy this style of writing - see the enthusiastic high star reviews. But it depends on your taste...I received a review copy of &#34;Over the Tightrope&#34; by Asif Ismael (J.R. Sarmoun) through NetGalley.com.,
Odd formatting,"While the patterns are well written, the editors of this books chose not to keep them together, continuing the longer patterns later in the book so the reader has to find the second half and move back and forth between the two sections. It's very annoying. Advanced stitches are explained in detail, with general instructions and a stitch guide at the back of the book. Instructions include yardage and weight without demanding certain brands, which is very helpful. Worth it for the patterns; not so much for the poor editing.",
"Good, but yet, unsatisfying.","This contemporary western romantic story had all the elements I love to read about: an alpha male who is sweet and respectful to women, a woman in need, tender moments between family... and even some excitement, tension and suspense to boot. And there were some really good moments in the storyline and an abundance of strong characters...I still found the book to be a bit frustrating and unsatisfying though. In some ways it gave too much and it was overkill. Like Logan, our hero, was way too much of everything. Not only has he inherited a valuable, beautiful ranch but he's also an ex rodeo star, has served in the special forces in Iraq, started his own dot.com company (and became a millionaire off it) AND he had time to go to law school. Wow. To go to law school you first have to get your Bachelor's.... so he's been in school for 4 to 7 years (depending) and still managed to do these other things?..Yet none of these roles are ever really defined. He starts to sorta get into the ranching thing... but that is the only thing he doesn't have experience in, ironically. (When he was a kid on the ranch, they didn't use it as a ranch, his family were loggers?) I'm not sure why the author felt the need to make Logan SO MUCH but still sorta nothing. Because he doesn't get to wear any of his hats at all...In comparison, Briana, the heroine, is the opposite. She really has no history, except for her famous father, and no hobbies, besides reading. She's uneducated and has a routine management job, her first, at a casino. She seems to be a wonderful mother but doesn't have a clue in many ways. It's interesting that author made the hero so incredible and experienced and adventurous and made the heroine so boring...Then in other ways the author just didn't give enough in the plot. Like there's a suspense plot introduced that never really pans out. Seems awfully coincidental the way it ends too. And it's not even really closed up completely. I can't really argue this point without giving away spoilers so I'll leave it to the reader! And why the ominous overtone from the Indian grandmother that never pans out? What did the election have to do with anything? Basically the story just left me feeling like it was incomplete...BUT even still I did really enjoy the characters. I loved Logan's inner thoughts- he's all male. I really liked Jim, Briana's boss. The kiddos are pretty cute too. Hey, I even enjoyed reading about Vance, the ex. And the book carries a wholesome, Montana awesomeness that was irresistible. I rated it 3 stars because it kept my attention the whole time and I really enjoyed it. But it really could use a redraft!",
Love Anna Maria Island,"I expected a little more meat about the history of the island.  Beautiful pix, but lacked depth of knowledge which I expected.",
Weird book.,Weird story. Not what I expected.,
"Excellent comic, poor printing job.","The substance of the comic is fantastic. A whimsical, light-hearted, but sometimes touching adventure drawing on good-old-fashioned fantasy tropes and giving them a little twist. The two star review is for the state of the comic when it arrived. The pages had not been cut apart correctly, so I was left with a severely mangled copy of a great book. So although the comic is great and would get a definite five stars, I'm leaving two because of the poor printing job.",
Nice book in a very simplistic sort of way,"Did I like this book? Well, yes and no. I know it sounds a bit strange but I enjoyed the simplicity and unpretentiousness of the projects but at the same time I didn't like those same attributes because as a quilter they seemed so basic and something only a beginner would be interested in. Am I likely to make any of the 16 little quilts in the book?  Probably not but then maybe because part of the charm (and challenge) of the projects is that they are small. The cover quilt Little Strippy, for example, is 12 3/8&#34; x 15 1/8&#34; and the finished blocks within it are only 1 1/2&#34;! The biggest quilt Scrap-Box Strip is 26 3/4&#34; x 36 1/4&#34; and is simply a larger version of the cover quilt. Another larger quilt Scrappy Pinwheels is 20&#34; x 26&#34;. Most of the other projects run in the 15&#34; to 18&#34; range but there is one that finishes at 11&#34; square and another 12 1/2&#34; square. There is one runner that measures 6 1/8&#34; x 17 1/2&#34;...Quilt blocks include 4 patches, 9 patches, flying geese (using flipped corners), 2 applique projects (1 with hexagon flowers), pinwheels, modified log cabin, and square in a square...The book is well written and I enjoyed Kathleen's discussion about earlier quilters, fabric storage and fabric variety. Quilting suggestions are given but I found them very simplistic almost primitive style even for these little projects. I didn't read it in the book but the quilting of the projects looks like it may have been by hand. I guess if I were hand quilting these projects (I've done very little hand quilting) then I'd appreciate keeping the quilting simple...It would have been nice if the publisher had used a larger print font.  I did appreciated, however, that they put the &#34;quiltmaking basics&#34; section in the back of the book where it belongs.",
Not as fun as the hardcover version,"The hardcover version has sparkles on each of the pages, whereas this board book version only has them on the front cover and the last page.",
No action,"On chapter 7 page 89 and there is a brief showing of the beast on a scientists tablet..This story is told from at least 6 different POVS and it’s hard keeping all the characters straight..I don’t know where all these 4 and 5 starts came from, did we read the same book?.I will plod along another chapter or two before I give up...I am upset for spending money on this garbage...Book 1 was waaaay better..I’m not bothering with book 3 if it comes out.",
Peachwood Lake,"Peachwood Lake reminds me of those teenage horror movies you'd see at the Drive-in where the creature terrorizes the people on the lake except without gore or sex. An armored-plated silverfish terrorizes a peaceful Connecticut Lake one summer. And no matter what the town and government could do to destroy it, they fail...Meanwhile, thirteen-year-old Kady is a lonely girl and an outcast among her peers. A journalist for a weekly supermarket tabloid befriends her and with the story of the century she begins to develop self-esteem...An enjoyable book and an easy read (finished it one day), I got the impression that this was more of a YA book and would certainly satisfy that group of readers.",
Still on the fence about whether I'm happy I read this or not...,"I'm conflicted about this book. Have you ever finished a book and thought, &#34;I'm not sure I'm glad I read that...&#34;? That's how I was after reading this and I eventually decided to throw it in the donation bin. The thing about this book is that there a quite a few topics approached that I was really uncomfortable with. Oddly enough, SPOILER ALERT, murder wasn't one of them. But, you know, incest was. Here's what I wrote to my friend after I had finished and he asked me my thoughts:..&#34;It was a sad story with no hope of a happy ending. Didn't know that till about half way through though and at that point there was no going back, I was sucked in. But some beautiful ideas, some stunning paragraphs and sentences that were thrown so casually in and without warning that you just kept reading, hoping you'd be blindsided by another one.&#34;..This book had all the makings of a book I would really love. Bit of a thriller, Greek mythology and history, beautiful language, academia. But sadly, also the sex, drugs, alcohol and other such nonsense of the stereotypical college experience, although these characters' experience was everything but stereotypical.",
Not developmentally appropriate for pre-schoolers,"As an educator for more than 30 years, I do not think this book is a good choice for a pre-schooler. The emphasis is on writing letters and numbers rather than basic concepts such as identifying categories. I returned it because I know my 3 1/2 year old grandson would be frustrated by it or not use it.",
Fairly Interesting Memoir of a Difficult Life,"I have never read any of Catherine Cookson's fiction. If I had, maybe this would have been more interesting to me. It's a rather sad memoir detailing her many illnesses, miscarriages, and conflicts with others as well as many details about her homes. I was most interested in her illnesses and the  feeling she had that her soul was helping her when she was troubled. I was hoping that she would write more about this spiritual help she received later in the book, but she didn't. The stories about one particular friend who caused her anguish and the stories about her homes became tedious for me. The one very positive note in her memoir is her supportive husband--he was the bright spot in an otherwise rather bleak story.",
There are other better grammars than this one,"The best Hebrew grammar book for new learners is Andrew Bartelt's Fundamental Biblical Hebrew. Lambdin's book is definitely not it. In fact, I rate Weingreen's Classical Hebrew Grammar and Page Kelley's Classical  Hebrew way over Lambdin's. Lambdin's text is confusing and frustrating. I say that as someone who started off by teaching myself Hebrew -- Weingreen was excellent, and Kelley supplemented where Weingreen fell short. I do have the Lambdin text, but gave it up in frustration. The one text that organizes and clarifies in a way that neither Lambdin, Weingreen, nor Kelley does, is Bartelt's. That's the text for the Hebrew neophyte, either with a teacher or a self-starter.",
NOT for children,"Definitely not for children..some foul language.  Needed a good editor and proofreader--misspelling (&#34;viscious&#34; instead of vicious). 3 stars for the Illustrations, but it's hard to imagine a pug being &#34;evil&#34;.  Bulldog or French bulldog, yes; pugs can be rascals, but not truly evil!",
Waste of a good tree if you ask me. but the 9 year old likes it.,"I'm torn.  I hate this book about as much as it is possible to hate something that is not showing up at your door to date your daughter.  My son thinks its hilarious...I find the story to be forced and awkward.  The grammar to be non-existent.  The editing was probably done by a family pet.  I'm not certain, but I'm  pretty sure the actual book was printed in someone's Grandma's basement on her old 1997, greyscale printer and then stapled together by a toddler..I'm actually feeling kind of bad about myself for such a harsh review, because I suspect this book is actually a first effort at publishing by a 4 year old who was raised by illiterate wolves.  Normally I'd admire that sort of grit, but UGGHHH this book is awful...My son thinks the book is great though.  Mostly, I suspect, because the word 'fart' is clearly printed on the cover.  Its a guaranteed crowd pleaser when dealing with 9 year old boys...Although I fear being called to trial in the Hague for encouraging any more books like this, as long as you don't have to actually read it along with your kid and said kid is still young enough to be pleased with no more than owning something with the word 'fart' on the cover, go ahead and get this book...This terrible, terrible, godawful, low quality, miserable excuse of a book.",
Clothing optional,"I enjoyed the story. It was very well written. But the plethora or nude and semi-nude women got old and added nothing to the plot. Yes, the main character was trying to be a film noir-type detective. But still, I could've done without all the flesh.",
Book Review: Two Moon Princess,"This is a hard book to review.  It was an easy read, but there are elements of the story that didn't flow well, and the characters can be hard to like.  But, I enjoyed the premise, and thus found the entire story enjoyable...Andrea was hard-headed and extremely stubborn.  For the most part this benefited who she was and what she wanted to do.  She's not the princess we usually see in fairy tales.  She has no desire to learn to be a lady and would be considered a tomboy (and that's putting it mildly).  But there were times I really wanted to yell at her.  She has a habit of thinking something was a great idea and going with it.  She doesn't bother to think about the consequences and how her actions might effect others.  I think so many things could have been avoided if she would just stop and ask herself a couple questions before proceeding.  But then we wouldn't have much of a story...The supporting cast of characters was a mix.  John was an interesting character when he was in California.  Stick him in Andrea's world and all of a sudden he became the guy I wished would disappear.  He thought it was all a game and so he never realized what was at stake.  Andrea's father...I disliked immensely.  He was just as stubborn as Andrea and wanted such a different life for her.  Not to mention that he was such a man in so many ways.  I loved Don Julian and his brother Alfonso.  They both brought a lot of life to the story.  I had a feeling there was something more to Don Julian and was glad to discover in the end that I was right...I actually didn't care much for that part were Andrea is in California.  I didn't find in believable that she managed to fit in there so easily and in so little time.  I don't think a princess who leaves in a mid-evil like era could come to modern California, fit in, learn English, etc all in a few months time.  But, it was necessary to the story.  She learns about who her ancestors could have been (they are suppose to have crossed over from our world centuries ago)...An interesting story overall.  I just saw that this is labeled an book 1, so I'm curious as to were the story goes from here.  There are possibilities, just not sure how interested I am in reading it.",
Very little information,"It would have been nice if the description mentioned that this book dealt exclusively with Swift which only runs on an Apple or Linux system. Additionally, I'm not sure how any kind of instructional book can be referred to as &#34;Ultimate&#34; when it only encompasses about 50 pages of large font...This book should have been titled &#34;A Brief Look At Swift&#34;...I'll have to assume most of these other reviews come from friends and extended family of the author.",
Not as exciting as a Flynn book.,This had a good premise but it didn't have the old Mitch Rapp kick.  I note the new t book is 6 bucks more.,
Don't bother; utterly annoying.,"I've tried several times to slog through this needlessly incomprehensible book. While I agree that it has a David Lynch-esque quality to it, the enjoyment of that characteristic is completely overshadowed by the disjointed manner of story-telling. It never grabs you and pulls you in like a good story; it hops around from past to present before one has a decent grasp of the characters or the proper investment in finding out where the story is going and what's going on. I gave it two stars because the author's turns-of-phrase are evocative and his sentences, as individual entities, are well-crafted. It's just a shame that to enjoy those qualities, one would have to meander through vague references, and turn back and forth to tell who's who and what he's talking about. I don't have that kind of interest or time.",
Cool album,"a lot of holes are too tight, I really have to push the coin in there. Also the front and back covers are scratched up instead of glossy.",
Triple threat is somewhat less threatening,"I definitely wasn’t looking for “Rapunzel’s Revenge.” I didn’t like graphic novels, and while I liked fairy tale retellings, I was a bit skeptical of a Rapunzel story set in the old West. But I checked out the book because Shannon Hale – and, I suppose, Dean and Nathan Hale, too – had written it, and I loved (and still love) Shannon Hale. I was charmed by the story and resolved to pick up “Calamity Jack,” the sequel. It’s taken years, but I finally have, and I must say I was underwhelmed. It’s a fun story with some great art, but I wasn’t really into the characters and was only marginally interested in the plot...This graphic novel explains the origins of Jack, Rapunzel’s sidekick, better known to us as the Jack who cut down the beanstalk. Jack’s a good kid – he thinks. He only wants to help his struggling mother keep her restaurant afloat, but he does it in less than honorable ways – planning heists, for example, with his fairy friend Prudence. But when he tries to break into a giant’s abode with the help of some magic beans, he ends up fleeing town, meeting up with Rapunzel, and having all the adventures we hear about in “Rapunzel’s Revenge.”..Now, Jack wants to head home and give his mother the golden eggs he finally got the giant’s goose to lay. However, his old city has been overrun by ant people, and the giant he stole from has seized control. The giant claims he’s the only one who can keep the ant people at bay, but Jack’s gut tells him something funny’s going on, and he’s right. With the help of Rapunzel, Prudence, and a new friend, Frederick Sparksmith the Third, Jack might finally be able to redeem himself...“Calamity Jack” was just as cute as “Rapunzel’s Revenge,” but I can’t say I enjoyed it as much. There were more than a few plot points that didn’t make sense, and the characterization, though often amusing, seemed forced this time around. Although it was a fun, breezy read, I was glad for it to be over. Kids who loved the first will likely be all over this one, but I personally preferred the first.",
Disappointing,"I didn't realize this was a cookbook.  Expected more of a picture book.  It does have older recipes, and a few pages of vintage decorations, but the quality of the pictures is poor, and the size of the book is small.  Not worth the price.  I will be returning it.",
Pretty Useless - Go for a Swim in the Sea,"At just 43 pages, this book is obviously very short.  The last five pages are references and references, a disclaimer, a couple of notes from the author.  The book doesn’t begin till page 10. (They actually count the copyright and succeeding blank pages and even a table of contents what is essentially a 25 page book.  The author doesn’t seem to have any relevant qualifications to write this kind of book.  There is not a page about the author and the author has not written any books in the medical field. (Although it appears she is from Greece, hence all the repeated recommendations that you go for a swim in the sea)...Overall, the advice is not really helpful.  There’s a few helpful pointers, but they are just common sense. Then then are the stupid combos.  Which are really the last two sentences combined into one sentence.  Combo. Try riding a unicycle and juggling a the same time.  The unicycle and juggling will force you to be alert and start your blood flowing.  And if you drop a item, you will be forced to spend more energy picking it up. Thus, causing additional exertion which will further wake you up...It doesn’t provide any advice on how to combat fatique from driving or long days work when sleep deprived. It states simply to avoid caffeine.  Then includes half a page giving a recipe for tea ‘if you must have caffeine’.  The reality is some people need caffeine.  But how much is too much?  It also doesn’t other drugs such as 5 hr energy.",
it looks used,"shirt was thin cotton, around 4 sizes smaller than I ordered and the marvel emblem is faded and fuzzy looking, unable to see clearly.  worst product I have ever purchased on amazon. The company did not want to return product. said to keep it and will credit back but never did.",
No value,Just not well written and the author adds a lot of useless language that doesn't help you generate ideas as you read (there's a lot of clutter language).,
Classic Liberal Review: Proofiness is a bit Proofy.,"This book is politically loaded, so let me jump right out here so you all know where I'm coming from (and that I'm not trying to hoodwink anyone). I am a Classic Liberal or Lockean/Madisonian. So with that in mind I'm not a Republican or Democrat, and like to see people held accountable for their lies (or abuse of information)...First, I'd like to say that the book started off quite fun and interesting. Seife is light with the mathematics (a bit of a downer for an engineering student like me), but he still pulls off a relatively decent explanation of numbers, systems of measurements, and the like. The first half is very accessible; it is at worst entertaining, at best, clever. Some other reviewers took issue with the neologisms, I personally didn't mind them, but perhaps being an educated late-20s, I am perhaps the target market for this kind of writing?..However, as it got further into the book, Seife started violating some of his own implicit rules (such as: Journalists are unbiased, or should strive to be if possible.).  This made the book incredibly distracting and not particularly fun to read towards the end. Personally I would argue that chapters 7 & 8 got out of hand. For example, in closing out chapter 7 he states,..""The sheer number of errors in our courts make the finality of an execution-of an irreversible mistake-hard to justify. The only way around that hard fact is to pretend it isn't so."".. Wait a second, I thought Seife was trying to show me how people are abusing numbers to push agendas, right? So why is he saying this? It couldn't be that he is an opponent of capital punishment, could it? I mean, he's the mathematician, and he just educated me on how a pro-capital punishment fellow tried to trick us, so therefore the opposite conclusion (anti-capital punishment) must be correct! Seriously... a ""false dilemma"" (also called ""either-or"" fallacy)? Goodness I don't even hold a bachelor's yet and I can see through that over simplification...Later in chapter 8 he brings up some nonsense about a study that compared a Toyota Prius to Hummers. I do tend to agree that the study was conducted to make the Hummer brand look favorable, so I won't even try to argue against intent. I think most will agree that Hummers probably don't rate very high on the scale of being ""green.""  However, Seife decided to take a detour anyways through a small evaluative argument right in the middle of chapter 8 without much backing. He states,..""(This was nothing compared to the Hummer H1, which would be on the road for an incredible 34.96 years and 379,000 miles on average.) These are clear Potemkin numbers-there's no way that the typical Hummer H1 would last for nearly 400,000 miles-and they have the effect of inflating the energy efficiency of the Hummers and deflating the energy efficiency of the Prius.""..Now, I don't doubt the goal of the study was to make the Hummer look more ""green"" than it actual was, especially because it was compared to a ""green"" auto icon. However, the statement that there is ""no way that the typical Hummer H1 would last for nearly 400,000 miles"" is completely unfounded. I have found the reverse to be true. I used HMMWVs (aka humvees) in the Marine Corps. The difference between a Hummer H1 and HMMWV is streetability, mostly cosmetic differences. Functionally they are the same vehicle. Many of the HMMWVs we used were mid to late 80s models; the infantry usually got the newer stuff. Our models had in many cases in excess of 500K miles, there were a few dinosaurs lying around in awful shape near the 1 million mark. My point here is that Seife probably had a reasonable conclusion (that Hummers are less ""green"" than Prius). But he was so hasty in getting to his point to show that pundits had abused the data (also likely reasonable and true), that he made some mistakes with the premise along the way. If he had shot down the study just by simply pointing out that the average auto consumer buys a new car once every 3 - 5 years, and given that length of time, likely that no Hummer would ever match the efficiency of a Prius, this would have been reasonable...To summarize, I found the book readable and interesting. I thought it started great and ended horribly. I'm under the impression that Seife leans very Democratic but the writing strikes me as being just left of center. It's worth at least one read, but whether as a permanent addition to your collection or just a library rental I leave to you. I regret buying it, I don't regret reading it.",
Was okay,"I love the book, but I do not feel that is was exactly as described.  The book was not in good condition.  It was in okay condition.  It was more worn or used than as described.  In fact, the binding on this book was broken from the back cover.  I kept the book, because of the content.",
Where are These Great Reviews Coming From?,My wife and I are Paterson fans and both of us found this super violent and totally not compelling at all.,
Disturbing Illustrations,Tossed in the trash...This was gifted to me so I didn’t purchase from Amazon. But I found some of the illustrations too disturbing for my young children. A naked girl in a shower with a dragon staring at her??! No thanks!..Do yourself a favor and order any OTHER counting book but this one. What a disappointment.,
Nothing special,Way too basic!  If you are in 3rd grade they are perfect!,
Hmmmm,Not the biggest fan of this book. It felt like it jumped and left out important info or just rushed from one thing to the next. Not sure how a prince who cared ever so much about his people could &#34;all of a sudden&#34; turn into the devil and start killing everyone. It took a strange really dark turn quick and I just quit the book. Loved the day of the dragon and well of eternity series but this one didn't do it for me.,
Don’t buy,Worthless,
"A good book in many ways, but -","Falls short, in my opinion, though it's a good book in many ways: well written, good characterizations, and well conceived - personal dramas played out against the background of larger historical events.  But it's told in the first person, and the narrator's  voice is monotonal - and ultimately monotonous.  As to what that tone is, I'll quote Lila, from Marilynn Robinson's (much better) book of that name: &#34;[He looked] at every single thing in the world as if it had a price tag on it and he knew it wasn't worth half that much because he could see what the paint hid, where the rot was.&#34; (p 243). And so it is here.  There's a lot of pithy criticism and acute social observation, but it wears thin and isn't enough to carry a 384-page book.  It's a shame, really, for a work that has so much going for it; I feel like the author tripped over his own feet.  A good editor could have helped him out.",
Careful when you go to Top of the World. ...,"Careful when you go to Top of the World. Says it's only slightly difficult in small areas...SO NOT TRUE. When my husband was trying to maneuver us down and not roll over, I was reading the page and saw that this dude didn't even go all the way to the top in his vehicle!!!! He hiked it! The other trails were more true to the book.",
Engaging but then disappointing,"If I could give &#34;Beautiful Creatures&#34; three and a half stars, I would. I love the plot and, for the most part, the characters, but I think the relationship between Ethan and Lena (the protagonists) somehow lacks heat and depth, and the back half of the book dragged terribly (complete with repetitive interactions and dialogue). Without spoiling anything, I'll also say that I have a quibble with the ending. That said, I like it enough to try the sequel. Fingers crossed the series improves!",
"2,5 stars","The story takes place in a city few years after the mind-rain (people stop beeing bubble-heads) caused by Tally. In this city everything revolves around fame. Aya is the main character and her dream is to become famous. Her plan to fulfill that dream might become real when she discovers a group of girls that do all kind of interesting thing like skydiving and mag-lev surfing. Aya decides to kick a story about them but while working on her story she stumbles upon something mysterious and maybe even dangerous..I didn't like this book that much, I loved the Uglies trilogy but I find this fourth book unnecessary and not nearly as good as the others. The main characters in Extras are not very interesting and the romance is to rushed but there were some exciting parts I'll give it that. We see some characters from previous books like Tally but I don't like her attitude in this book or how hasty she was, she wasn't like the super clever Tally I knew from the first books. I was disappointed with Extras and think that the story should have ended in Specials.",
Good for reading to younger children,"The book was ok, but my 7 year old lost interest about half way through.",
Disappointing Audible version,This was a very interesting story but the Audible version failed to deliver. Far more than half of the dialogue is male but the only narrator is female and at times it was very difficult to understand which character was speaking.,
for over $50 it wouldve been nice to have a decent sized print,"The font is small and hard to read. I guess they were trying to fit a ton of information into as little product as possible. for over $50 it wouldve been nice to have a decent sized print. My husband is trying to study for a contractor's test and he keeps getting headaches.  However, the information is what is advertised and is needed to pass the test.",$$
Good info but not much of it,"This is the first book I read about cryptocurrencies and I will admit that I learned a lot. However, the book is only 40 pages long! And it cost $6.97.",$
It's a sequel!,"It is always disappointing to find out deep into a book that it is a sequel when I haven't read the first.  I went through three stages reading the first half of this book. The first thought was, what an interesting way to present the story.  Then, this has a very extensive back story.  And finally, this has got to be a sequel.  I looked it up, and yes, this is a sequel to Before the Storm. This book doesn't stand alone that well.  It is too heavily based on said back story...Judged on its own merit, it has some other serious flaws - the 'surprise' at the end wasn't surprising, and a major player acts totally out of character in the end.  The ending wrapped up by solving the mystery based on something a major character would simply never do, and that smacks of laziness.  The author, Diane Chamberlain, knows how to write.  It was well paced, and very easy to read.  But there were too many unlikable characters.  Overall I do not recommend Secrets She Left Behind if you haven't read Diane Chamberlain's Before the Storm, and give only a cautious recommendation if you have.",
Not All that Cool,"This book was OK - not what I was expecting at all. It was much too young for my grandsons who I purchased it for. Also, it was a Christmas gift and I didn't receive it until 3 days after Christmas. Very disappointing overall.",
Three Stars,good book,
Highly dissapointed,"I purchased this book with the intention of reading gritty tales of growing up in the South, not lesbian porn.  I do not have a problem with Ms. Allison's sexual preference; some of what she had to say about being a lesbian was interesting.  However, I found this book to be pornographic and disgusting.  I did not realize that 80% of this book was detailed sexual encounters.  For example, one story describes her partner urinating on her face. I do not recommend this book.",
Nice lead up to a divergent ending,"This is a short story, not a full boat book. Even so it was good..The story had a nice collection of characters that weren't over developed..The story line moved along very well and was interesting, not exciting, yet enough to hold your interest..There were some spots that were a bit far fetched and at the end of rational belief but worked in the story line..The ending was very good. Nice change up on the story.",
but I have read much better books on this,"It was somewhat interesting, but I have read  much better books on this subject",
Not for me,"I liked the author better than I liked the story.  The author has an engaging writing style and her humor is not cliche-riddled...The protagonist, Jax, made me want to slap some sense into her several times along the way.  Sometimes she was funny and articulate, and other times, she was tongue-tied or outright embarrassing...The opening premise is that this professor of marketing at a college goes on a business trip to Arizona and takes a jeep tour of the desert.  She has a mild flirtation with the tour guide.  It never occurs to this very bright woman that this is a young, handsome guy who can be running up to four tours a day during the busy season.  When Jax is fired, she decides to sell almost everything and put the rest in storage, buy a new car, and ride back to Sedona to see Mr. Tour Guide, with whom she's built up wild fantasies in her mind.  Several months later, she gets there only to find (as if we couldn't have guessed) that he has totally forgotten her and that she was number umpteen in a whole bunch of mild flirtations.  What does she do?  She proceeds to forcibly insert herself into his life, even telling the waitress that they are engaged during their very first lunch together...I love the idea of starting over when your life has become boring or unsuitable, but this story just made me feel sorry for this delusional cougar-woman...This was obviously not the story for me, but I would read this author again.  She has talent and humor.  She just needs a good story-line.",
Awful,"Truly awful by almost any standard.  Uninformative, repetitive, and mainly undocumented.  Written with the consent, support, and whitewashing of the family.",
Terrible editing,"This doesn't appear to have been reviewed before publishing, many many errors my 7 year old thought it was a joke! We returned it.",
not quite up to the rest,"I absolutely loved the first four in this series, and I feel like a real crank for saying this, but I believe Albert has lost her way in the woods of terminal cuteness.  It's the dragon. I have nothing against dragons in the appropriate contexts, and I have no problem with the other talking animals in this series, but in this case dragons are just too much. She's overdone it and sacrificed the delicate balance of cozy fantasy she  so successfully established in the preceding books. I introduced two of my colleagues to the series and we were all so enchanted that one of them bought this book in hardcover as soon as it came out, because she just couldn't wait for the paperback - we were all seriously disappointed and none of us has felt like reading any of the subsequent Cottage Tales.",
Don't bother,This book might be okay for a grade-schooler's introduction to this topic.  Only took a few minutes to read the whole piece.,
Decent book!,John Kenneth has some great books however I didn't like this book that much. He sure was a great economist.,
"Like its title, brilliant flashes over soggy stretches","The title comes from the ""green flash"" which Stone, stoned, glimpsed from a Mexican beach. Much of the insight here resembles the recollectons one might expect from a friend of Ken Kesey, an acquaintance of Tim Leary, and one who hung out with the scions of the counterculture in New York City, New Orleans, California north and south, London, Mexico, and Vietnam. That is, pages at a time become illuminated with wisdom-- before sinking again into a miasma of mundane names, places, and events filtered muddily or waveringly through uninspired, if competent, prose. I have only read two novels by Stone, ""A Flag for Sunrise,"" and the disappointing ""Damascus Gate."" Like the latter book, ""Prime Green"" stumbles when it could have soared on a promising premise...The opening chapter rambles on about his stint in the Navy; polar-driven wind and the feel of being at the bridge gain evocative detail, but then the narrative wanders off into recollections of an Australian swimmer he fancied, a bit of action he glimpsed during the Suez crisis, and exchanging Playboys with a Soviet crew. All three anecdotes fizzle. They almost follow randomly, such is the nature of this compilation of memories. Perhaps this casual style conceals careful craft. But, from a writer of Stone's level, that is, of critical acclaim more than another hack bestselling scribe, the offhanded attitude towards such potentially valuable incidents became disappoining. They are treated so offhandedly you wonder why he troubled to bring them up. Much of this book follows suit. It reminds me of a few all-nighters, if you could tape them, with a great storyteller; the difference is, you tend to edit mentally what you were bored or confused by, and highlight the stories which enraptured you, to replay again in your memory. I'd return to this book in the same manner...For instance, the Bowery and its sudden replacement of white old bums with tough young blacks released from prison circa 1960 sets up a treatise on this sociological phenomenon. But, suddenly, Stone in the next paragraph sidles off into how he wrote copy for a furniture firm. Admittedly, he excels at his harrowing yet hilarious description of writing for the right-wing populist NY Daily News, which like certain media today manages to arouse the contempt of the working class for the system that supposedly favors those less qualified, yet deflects any blame from capitalism or the rich themselves for this inequality and this cynical game of having the victims turn on one another...His send-up of another bottom-feeding journalistic stint at what he calls the National Thunder, a sort of Weekly World News, is priceless. Anyone who could survive a paper that created headlines like ""Armless Veteran Beaten for Not Saluting Flag"" or a close runner-up, ""Skydiver Devoured By Starving Birds,"" merits some acclaim for such anecdotes. His accounts of being under the knife for a burst vessel in his brain, of interviewing bitter draftees in Vietnam, of watching the moon on the night of the first landing in 1969 from the California hills, all ring true; his narrative leaps to fitful if brief elegance in these sections. On drugs, Stone glimpses time's wheel and struggles to convey his psychedelic revelation. I wonder if any bard from this time can do so?..The remainder of the book, once Stone leaves in search of the elusive authenticity that takes him, seemingly with little money and the kindness of many strangers become friends, to Stanford on a fellowship, to London, to Vietnam, and to Mexico in a tumultuous but-- for a while-- rather childlike time despite his wife and two children (who are barely mentioned) to support does create in this reader a sense of how much could be seen and heard and experienced by carefree Americans with not much cash, plenty of drugs, and a sense of adventure that in our day has narrowed and priced out all but the affluent or the heavily guarded! Comparing his coming of age with the later century, the combination of a strong dollar, cheap costs of living, and goodwill manage, nearly, to create a glimpse of utopia. On the other hand, his escape from menacing sailors on a Greyhound bus ride from hell that winds up with him barely getting away from the ironically if improbably named hamlet of Highspire, Pennsylvania marks a gothic tale where Poe meets Genet...If you want a sense of the Sixties, disjointed and disconnected, with wisdom scattered along with a lot of langour, this does re-create a tone appropriate to these times. No history, or even tightly written account, nonetheless for all its faults, I learned from it. The conclusions are the expected sadness at the decade's waste of its promise, and the government infiltration and corporate co-opting of its ideals and its innocence. Not as many knockout punches as I expected, for the book needed editing and substantial tightening. It keeps reeling about, when it should have cut the flab and trimmed up under a drill sargeant of an editor, such as he used to work for in Manhattan in the early 60s...The book bumps into the famous, nods, chats, and shuffles off again, In its slackness, casual air of street cred meets the dinner party, and Hollywood mingling with the Bowery, perhaps Stone, who managed to be in all of the proper places, dreadful or erotic, exotic or hilarious, remains the jester-cynic who sneers at the powers that be but knows if he had his chance on the throne (he gets a quick perch during his Hollywood visit), he'd settle down there comfortably enough. Stone, in a sloppy but occasionally memorable account, emerges rather blowsily, yet endearingly avuncular. He's slightly askew, a fitting if exasperatingly rambling witness and slyly calculating chronicler for a messy decade.",
Not his best work,"OK, somewhat convoluted story without many likable characters. At the end I wqs confused about who was who and did not really care anymore.",
Fluff,"200 pages, filled with a lot of fluff like 'remember to sleep' and 'wear gloves when examining patient genitals.' I skimmed the book through access via my library and didn't learn anything insightful throughout all the chapters I sampled...Despite this, I do applaud the author for the comprehensive work on this important topic.",
(2.5) just gave up after making it about halfway,"I'm not much of a romance buff and I'm not an avid historical fiction reader, but the premise of this story intrigued me, so I gave it a try. A woman stowaway on a cruise ship from Antwerp to New York boards with only the white ball gown she is wearing. This is apparently a true event that the author built from. There are a number of primary characters in this book and the storyline jumps POV without warning, which distracted me greatly. There were also inserted quotes from various parties about the woman which appeared without warning and for no obvious reason. There were bits of lucidity....gorgeous prose....but the storyline was somewhat lacking in many ways. I wasn't particularly interested in any of the primary characters and really wasn't interested in finding out more, so I gave up about halfway through. I can see where romance and historical fiction buffs who are interested in this era might love the book....I didn't.",
One Star,"I may have missed something, the story was strange.",
For avant-gardist gardening snobs,"Thomas Hobbs is, at least in the persona he presents in this book, an avant-gardist gardening snob.  He sees gardening as a fashion-driven art, where trendy plants are to be discarded as soon as they become too popular with the petit bourgeoisie, for whom his contempt is made clear on almost every page of text. Some of this stuff can't be spoofed, because it's impossible to be more catty than Hobbs here (block quotes preceded by ** and italics presented as ALL CAPS):..** Some gardeners will never learn the art of plant assemblage... As I drive by their predictable efforts, I often wonder, ""Is Life Easier?""..** Being a left-handed, Gemini breach-birth ALLOWS me to love tetraploid daylilies. It is WHO I AM BOTANICALLY...** Bowling balls are appropriate in Marcia Donahue's garden/gallery in Berkeley, California, because SHE DID IT FIRST...Hobbs is obsessed with rejection of the common and the cliched, but most of his featured gardens also look alike, in part because they're almost all small shaded urban gardens in the coastal Northwest, but more notably because they eschew flowers in favor of foliage plants - mostly bright or spiky - with color from kitschy cast-offs and outré sculpture, including flesh-colored ceramic penises...In my (hardly original) opinion, a big problem with most people's enjoyment of the arts today is that the field has already done what is pretty or handsome, and since its current practitioners are jaded by their predecessors' work and aspire to being original, they must often produce what most nonspecialists consider ugly. This is notably a problem with architecture and oil painting (and classical music) by about World War I, and haute couture since the Kennedy Administration. So far horticulture has largely escaped the curse of avant-gardist ugliness, but not in this book. I wondered whether it was fair to Hobbs to say he has passed a step beyond ""Shocking Beauty"" to where much of this book is ugly, but then I came to his penultimate page of prose:..** I have noticed a switch in gardening, from ""pretty"" to what I call ""the New Ugly."" I find this fascinating and very, very attractive. In gardening, UGLY HAS BEEN REDEFINED by brilliant plantsmen and -women who get absolutely no thrill from trying to make a pretty picture. By increasing the dosage of all that is weird and unexpected, these thrillseekers are creating powerful, unforgettable experiences...Umh, NO IT HASN'T! If we wanted ""powerful, unforgettable experiences"" of ugliness, we would just move into a junkyard next to an oil refinery! That said, if the book's title or dust-jacket reflected this decadent philosophy, I could rate it 4 stars [...]..Perhaps oddly, Hobbs' Vancouver garden is larger, far more colorful and floriferous, and far more beautiful, than the preceding gardens. Hobbs doesn't fail to add a campy dramatic element, however, to his discovery of the Vancouver house:..** I will never forget ringing the doorbell, expecting ""Max,"" [from Sunset Boulevard] or at least Harvey Korman dressed as ""Max,"" to open the door. Instead, a very short Alfred Hitchcock type greeted us, with a badly-wigged woman peering over his shoulder...As you might have guessed, the text of this book is more about Hobbs' persona than about gardening. But it isn't until the very last page of prose that we learn exactly how, for Hobbs, the garden is therapy - about talking to plants, which most people can't do (""and it shows""!) - and about remembering gardeners who gave him plants and then died of AIDS. Life is a veil of tears, so maybe we should cut him some slack, even if we are not in love with ugliness.",
I Liked It,But going to give it 3 stars because I was often confused between what was really happening and the thoughts in her head. I did enjoy the ending.,
Short booklet,Photos well done but booklet is very short. Not real happy with short book length and price.,
Horribly Written,"This story line might have been a great one, and in fact, that's why I checked this book out of our library to begin with. But right off the bat I noticed sentence fragments within the first paragraph. I was hopeful that this might just be part of the author's style. On the second page, the author wrote ""he"" instead of ""she,"" where the character was clearly female: ""My cousin, Lil married when he was only 16, and is mistress of Edington and has a small child.""..The dialogue is choppy and the use of dialect is creative at best, but most likely completely overdone: ""I saw cha befer yur father, and for 17 years, I have been cha watcher. I do no want cha to be hurt..."" and the more that I read, the worse the spelling and grammar errors. By the end of chapter two I was completely focused on the abundance of errors and had forgotten already what was going on in the story..From chapter two: ""...If ya don't come round from time to time, I jest might tell im, bout our little poking, and e may kill usuns both. E'll jest beats me up, I thinks, but ya, he may try to shoot ya. E do have a tempa."" [...] ""Matilda, ow many others ave been in me bed whilst I be ah workin? My wife a hore. Ya gonna pay Lassie. Yes, ya gonna pay.""..This embarrasses me--as a reader, a teacher, an editor, and person from Virginia (where this author is from)--I'm completely embarrassed. No one talks like this in VA. I know the southern dialect, and this is not it. I know grammar, and there is none evident in this book. The narrator's dialogue is even misspelled: ""w as,"" ""peoples"" without the apostrophe, and ""an"" instead of ""and."" I completely support self-publishing and I praise those who put their works into the hands of the public, but this book should have been proofread at least once! Freelance editors are not expensive and are abundant. This could have been a great story; it just needed a good editor...""My God, the bastard shot me."" Peter exclaimed as he slips into consciousness.""",
New age-y...,"I love Unschooling and after having doubted it, I saw firsthand unschooled kids absolutely thrive, making me rethink my views on it.  I still struggle with it, but it's truly a goal for me now...I also agree with many of the author's points...Having said that, this book is really more of a ""parenting in the present"" book and less to do with Unschooling...It took a weird turn a few times too.  She kept referring to sending your intention to the universe and the universe will reward you by making it happen.  And that she insists her kids believe that the universe will always give then what they want if they believe enough.  That they can be anything they want, do anything they want.  If they want to go on a cruise, the universe will make it happen.  If they want a kayak, the universe will provide one.  Those are actual examples from her family.  And when her kids wanted to explore another country, they set their intentions and the universe miraculously provided for them all to go (4 kids, 2 adults) .  It wreaks of privilege and just plain weirdness.  I was expecting her to start talking about crystals next...The book is also repetitive.  I'm only halfway through and I've already had to double check and make sure I hadn't already listened to quite a few sections...She brags about her kids and her stellar parenting constantly throughout the book...Speaking of listening, the narration is too robotic.  It's like a robot that tries to sound human.  It's irritating to listen to...There are better books about Unschooling out there.  Check out John Holt, Peter Gray, Julie Bogart, Ben Hewitt, and so many others.",
Two Stars,Not recipes I am interested in,
but I still hate Windows 10,This was okay; but I still hate Windows 10.,
An Interesting Start,"I don’t often read crime thrillers, but I’m aware of many of the tropes. And Cain pulls a lot of the standard ones out of the box for this story. However, while I found the serial killer plot line rather weak, I also got the feeling that Cain was simply using it to gradually build up the story of Gretchen and Archie, which is by far the most interesting aspect of the book. Gretchen is a sufficiently creepy and perceptive psychopath, made even creepier by the fact that she is a very pretty woman who seems more suited to beauty pageants than ruthlessly torturing and murdering people...Basically, Cain takes a different approach to a well-worn story: instead of a crack detective furiously hunting down his arch-serial-killer-nemesis, you have the repercussions of the end of that hunt — a broken detective, a world still filled with other evils, and a crazy killer who seems to have the ability to keep pulling stings even after she’s been caught. She frames the classic cop-killer relationship from an interesting and fresh (and creepy) perspective...Despite the overall weakness of the crazy teacher plot, I get where Cain is coming from, and I appreciate her attempt to try something different. I think she just needs to work on the depth of the “killer of the week” plots while building up the beautifully frightening interactions between Gretchen and Archie. In other words, she needs to concentrate on making sure all her plots and sub-plots are the same quality. With Heartsick, I found myself quickly skimming through some of the crazy teacher guy chapters so I could back to the Archie-Gretchen parts — one plot was noticeably stronger than the other. Balance, Cain. Balance...Other than that, I found the story pretty enjoyable. The characters are well-characterized. Her settings are adequately described. Her style isn’t anything to write home about, but the pacing works well for a semi-standard crime novel.",
Bought this as a baby shower gift and would be embarrassed to actually give it to the parents... CREEPY,I read all of the 5* reviews before purchasing Love You Forever....I should have read the negative ones as they are much more accurate in my opinion. In the beginning it was very sweet but soon turned extremely creepy. A grown woman....even a mother....creeping into her teenage or grown sons room / house to hold and rock them...creepy ! Reverse this image and replace with the father & daughter at the end of the book....will he creep into her room as a teenager / grown woman? Wrong in so many ways...I am not sure how this book ever made it to publication.,
Winterson fan,Not my favorite of hers but it's still worth reading. This woman is brilliant.,
OH MY GOSH,"this is worse than mem plus 5  what a nightmare, same stuff  as before. especially having to shut down the pc to get a way from this. I thought buying a newer version would help.. What a joke on ME.... Its like being in the twilight zone... run away as fast as you can... do not buy this its a waste of time",
Author writes for those wanting to be cool,"It was hard to read and I didn’t finish.  There’s too much content on describing the “true”  life of ambitious Hollywood people.  The author embellishes everything, and I mean everything, to try to create a shocking story and in that way generate interest.  Like the rest of us have had no life and no experience with ruthlessly ambitions people, Hollywood or not.  At least detective or spy novels embellish in a way that is within the imagination.  This book is unreadable.",
Quick moving thriller,"It was fast pace, didn't particularly try the imagination.  Clever storytelling which made this book a quick read.  There wasn't any particularly suspenseful part, yet it was interesting enough.  Chacacters were those which demand suspending disbelief.  The foreshadowing was a bit flat.  All in all, not bad..Pat",
Three Stars,Just OK.,
No pictures,Chef husband has big collection of cook books. He was disappointed this one didn't have the pictures like others do to inspire plating techniques.,
Adults - not children - primary audience,"Julia, Child is the imaginative retelling (aka fictional) of the childhood of a girl named Julia & her friend, Simian (not subtly based off or inspired by Julia Child)  This picture book contains perfect picture companions to the words composing the story...The book, however, is not for children. The book is to remind adults room not forget how to enjoy life & to wonder as a child again. The words (English & French) are not suitable for young children understanding the content...The pictures are brilliant & beautiful. I love how the adults are lifeless in black & white as the children live in color - & how the adults start living in color as they remember how to enjoy things once more...My biggest complaint is the ending if the book - it is sudden & doesn't flow naturally from what proceeds it...As a book for children I give it 2 stars.As a simple book for adults I give it 4 stars.Average: 3 stars",
not that great,I did not find this book particularly helpful and returned it.,
Enjoyed the story until the end,"I really love reading thriller books, and the plot and cover of this book drew me in immediately. It's about a young boy named Wink, and two young girls named Poppy and Midnight. Midnight is a nice, caring boy who is in love with Poppy, a cruel and bitter bully. He moves next to Wink, who is shy, sweet, and genuine who he then falls in love with too. It is almost a love triangle between the three. Poppy threatens Midnight that she is jealous of Wink and wants to set up a cruel prank for her and that he better join in with her. But Wink and Midnight decide to get back at Poppy and plot a elaborate revenge prank for her. After that happens, things start to get weird. I understood most of the story until the end, and then it got disjointed and very confusing. I did not like the twist AT ALL, it was not what I was expecting and was really cruel. Made me dislike the characters even more than I already did. No questions were answered, and not a lot of backstory about the ending and the choices made. It's a shame because I really enjoyed it until the twist unfolded.",
Fairly good,Fairly good but rather superficial. For a deeper understanding and analysis of the universe try Thomas Troward Edinburgh Lectures.,
Waste of time book.,"This was very juvenile in many ways.  The continuous use of the f word and other curse words, the sappy romance story, as well as being poorly written.  Also there were numerous misspellings and misused words.  I don't plan to read any other books by this author.",
Uninvited (Uninvited #1),"Davy has everything: she’s popular, she has the best boy in school as her boyfriend, she’s smart, and she’s a musical prodigy who’s already been accepted to Juilliard. Life couldn’t be better… but when she tests positive for Homicidal Tendency Syndrome (HTS), aka “the kill gene,” she loses everything. She goes from a posh private academy to attending school in a cage. None of her friends want anything to do with her, and the other HTS carriers can’t wait to prey on her...I read UNINVITED in one sitting. Today, trying to review it, I’m left trying to figure out just what the heck I read. It wasn’t a “I HAVE to finish this book,” but it was easy to read, which is why I finished it in two hours. I have a few problems with the book. One: Where is it going?? I had no idea where UNINVITED was headed, and once finishing the book, I thought it seemed like setup for the rest of the series...Which brings me to problem two: the setup isn’t very good. There’s no real explanation for *what* Homicidal Tendency Syndrome is, other than calling it the kill gene. How was it discovered? Why did the U.S. government start allowing cities to set up internment camps and to isolate teen carriers? I had a lot of unanswered questions about the basic premise, and that kept me from getting into the book...UNINVITED does try to explore a timeless question -- are killers born or created? -- but gets caught up in Davy’s “why me” whining, lackluster romances, and a lot of government sanctioned abuse. The premise is interesting, but the execution was off for me.",
Kind of slow,Supposed to be based on real stories.  It is mostly told in 3rd party and I prefer the characters themselves speaking.  At times I found this kind of boring,
Disappointing,"This sequel was disappointing. I loved the 1st one, but this one is more for cooks who entertain and want fancier recipes. Doubt I will ever use it, unfortunately.",
Very small address book.,"This book is very small, the picture is not a valid representation of the actual size.",
"Love the TV show, book is so-so","The subtle and not-so-subtle interactions between the ""Castle"" TV show leads played by Stana Katic and Nathan Fillion are what for me make the show a very enjoyable bit of entertainment.  The book reads like a screenplay for one of the TV shows, and that's not altogether bad, just set expectations appropriately if you are anticipating something else.  Bought my copy for the Kindle; if there's another one released, I'll get it on the reserve list at the library.  The upsides?  1-given the popularity of the book, I can only assume it bodes well for the TV show, which almost didn't get renewed for its sophomore season.  2-While reading the book, I envisioned the TV characters in the various roles, and that worked well for me.",
Gift,"This time of year as everyone was or is purchasing merchandise as presents, Amazon is asking for ratings. All I can say the person that I gave it as a gift was impressed.",
Book front cover bent when received - future value will suffer,Just got the book and my daughter collects these. The front cover of the book was bent down. Total disregard for the product!  See pics....Author would not be pleased about how the book was presented.,
Author should have stopped typing sooner,The book was an easy enjoyable read with only a few gimmes up until section five. At that point the author needed to quit while he was ahead.  But no… From that point on the book spiraled down from the unlikely to the absurd and his final premise just doesn’t work.,
No time to use this useless cookbook!,Worthless -- too trendy and ditzy.  No time to use this useless cookbook!,
Like a blank coloring book,It's like a coloring book with blank pages.  Each page has a frame around it. It would have been helpful if they would show these inside.,
f*in' depressin man.....,"Based on some excellent reviews, I was excited to read this book by a young author from the UP. Unfortunately it was depressing and vulgar - and I felt like it was put on vulgarity - like how little white boys from the wealthy suburbs try to act so tough from the inner city .... I felt this vulgarity was too much - it was fake wanna be.  Perhaps it would appeal to young men, the characters sure seemed obsessed with themselves and sex, sex, themselves, sex and oh yes - sex, and frankly they seemed like really stupid  characters.  So if you want to read about ignorant self obsessed characters who don't do much of anything then this book is for you.",
"CRAPPY BOOK POORLY WRITTEN NO REAL EXAMPLES, JUST A BUNCH OF ADVICE",A really bad book on finance and M&A.  This book is just a compilation of financial advice...no real substance or real problems or examples,
Brings back pre-adolescent philatelic memories,"So I got gimmick hooked as a 9-12-year-old on Jamestown Stamp Company, NY based stamps on consignment retailers. Probably from a comic book ad. My circle of friends did the same and we traded stamps and looked for places as far away as the imagination can travel. I religiously returned the Jamestown Stamp companies 'on consignment' mail that I didn't choose - kids love mail, they may or not completely understand the implications. My cousin didn't. He had a stellar collection. We thought he was rich. I mean he was loaded with stamps and needed the really big GALACTIC (or something) stamp collection mounting book that I could only wish I could afford with bottle return change. My younger cousin apparently failed to notice the fine print ""SEND CASH. RETURN STAMPS YOU DON'T BUY CAUSE WE'RE GONNA SUE YOU FOR THEIV'IN IF YOU DON'T"". This minor detail was beyond my younger cousin's comprehension, so he kept everything Jamestown sent him ... and they sent him a lot until one day ma gets a call that she owes like a billion $ for her son's delinquency. We were consigned to a significant increase in supervision until we were all band...I learned more history and geography from those years than the rest of my life. Bosnia-Herzegovina? I could spell it and knew it on the map. That lesson in philately fueled my future life to in fact visit and seek to visit those lost countries...The book has two kinds of lost countries. Some had affordable and plentiful over-stamped origins from WW1 & 2. I had those. Some here are serious money stamp collecting from historical and Realpolitik moments that were new to me with stamps absolutely out of price range...The British Guiana 1c Magenta (More Than $10M), Baden 9 Kreuzer (Approximately $1.1M) we knew those ... we were constantly on alert for them...Overall, the book is a fast read and not very detailed. The memories come pouring back. This book, likely not so much. The better story would be about how Jamestown Stamp NY got in the biz and is still in biz looting dumb kids lunch money.",$$$
Story is unbelievable.,"The story premise was interesting but the development was hard to believe.  I would fire an employee like her in a heartbeat.  Rude to others  ""not here to make friends,"" full of attitude, goes rogue and jeopardizes the investigation, no one is saved because too much time is spent looking for her...  Oh, and had to go shower and change instead of rescuing a person in jeopardy first. Lastly, no consequences for her behavior.  Too ridiculous to be believable.",
One Star,Too wordy! Not enough pictures or graphics.,
Journey,"The popularity of Paulo Coehlo's novels led me to read his latest, Aleph. The last time I read a novel this odd was fifteen years ago with The Celestine Prophecy.  These new age pseudo-spiritual journey novels may appeal to certain readers, but not to me. I found the writing weak, the characters poorly developed and the premise and plot annoying. Read a sample before you consider reading this novel. If you develop any interest at all from the sample, you'll find more of the same in the full novel. Otherwise, take a pass...Rating: One-star (Read only if your interest is strong)",
Some good observations by this author,"Some good observations by this author, but I don't agree with how he discounts other authors who have written about Fatima.",
"Decent for beginners but some incorrect info, and author's own sites are lacking","I am a web designer who has done work for Fortune 1000, non-profs, and govt, but I have little experience with small e-commerce sites, so I thought this book might be helpful...This book is written at a *very* basic level, a small step up from explaining what a website or search engine is. Much of it is common sense, but there are some pretty good points that not everyone will know. So on that level, I think its good for beginners who have no experience with web development or even how to run a business...What concerned me was that because the author is not actually in the field of web development, he seems to just ""improvise"" some info. This book contains some incorrect information and there are some issues with the author's own websites..-The author's websites should be models of well designed e-commerce sites. They are ""fine"" and functional, but there are some design and usability issues. forcopywritersonly.com does not look professionally designed, has some basic usability issues such as lack of breadcrumbs, nav states not staying on at the tertiary level, an inconsistent use of text links and button links, blog missing most common blog functionality, use of the word ""click here"" which is seen as a big faux pas in the industry, etc. I just showed my girlfriend forgraphicdesignersonly.com (his second site), and told her the guy on the homepage says he is a graphic designer. Her response was, ""Are you f-ing kidding me?"" It doesnt look professional at all despite the author saying he is a ""Registered Graphic Designer"" (NEVER heard of such a thing)..-He defines terms he says are common in the industry that just arent. ""Beta site"" is a not a demo site used by designers, it is a site used for web applications before they are done. I have never heard a designer use that term. We might call them staging sites or testing sites. We don't use the term ""masthead"". The author must be thinking of magazines. We call them headers or banners. On page 105, he says, ""This is tricky because most internet web browsers, like Foxfire.."" The author must be thinking of Firefox. Typo perhaps, but at the level this book is written, one assumes the readers havent heard of these different web browsers..-He mentions applications or services that are not common or forgets some common ones. For example, he says Dreamweaver and Microsoft Expression are ""used by most professional designers"". Dreamweaver, yes. The second I have never seen used ever (and I have worked lots of places). When he mentions email marketing software, he forgets the number one most popular, MagnetMail (and yes, it was big at time of publication too)..-When talking about web development, he only talks about web design, the word information architecture never appears and that is a big part of it too..-His lists of websites to consult or applications to use that exist throughout the book are deceptively long. Usually the first couple are commonly used and the next 12 or seem to be just the result of the author doing a web search and entering the results into his book w/o actually knowing anything about them...Anyway, again, I wouldnt completely discount this book because it has some pointers on promoting your business and such, but there have to be other books out there written by professionals in the industry (people who work at reputable web development or PR firms) who really know what they are talking about.",
Simplistic,"This book was overly simplistic to put it mildly.  It is dry, dull, boring, and I feel, insults my intelligence as a nurse.  I bought it for a refresher class.  What they need is suggestions on how to give a bath to someone who is refusing one.  Or perhaps in the section on trach care to hyper-oxygenate before suctioning.  One may think that is common sense but so is taking a bath and this book gives you a blow by blow on bathing.  The only thing that is missing is the unit with a blow by blow on how to tie my shoes.  Of all the nursing text books I bought over the years, this one is without a doubt, the worst one.  Nothing in there about how to handle a situation when a patient or family member is cursing you out.",
meh! ( should be NO stars),"I wanted a mystery not a philosophy book.  What happened?  The main plot is  thin and obvious....the regular characters are mere shadows of themselves. I used to enjoy this series  but this one.should be avoided unless you want pages of poetry, philosophy  about near death.experiences and a blah, boring , obvious  story.  Sorry, not worth the price....if he writes another.again I will get it out of the local library and not spend my money.",
Where’d Bridget go?,"Where did Bridget go?  Seriously, I haven’t got a clue who Bridget in this book supposed to be.  It’s just clueless rambling.",
"Spoilers like crazy.  But you may be glad to read them.  WHOA, NOT a holiday gift book!","I borrowed this book from the library twice and tried to read it twice - because of the Man Booker prize.  The second time I tried to stay with it longer.  But visions of violently damaged corpses wandering in the Bardo, who are in denial that they're dead?  More, a female corpse recalling her abuser in life and the pattern seems bound to continue???  I'm not sure what happens there, I was horrified and glossed over it, I admit.  Then came the book-closer, for me:  Lincoln visits the body of his son in the crypt.  The child is delighted to see his father again at last, then the poor child grieves because the father doesn't hear or see that the child is still &#34;there&#34;.  I just couldn't go on.",
"Liked the message, hated the protagonist","Dostoyevsky‘s Notes from Underground is divided into two parts. The first part is a response to the philosophies of the time, namely:..Reason: Dostoyevsky claims that while man is capable of reason, he is at heart an irrational being...Socialism: The prevailing opinion at the time was that the government could engineer a Utopian society through equality and that, with proper government intervention, man will always choose what benefits the collective. Dostoyevsky argues that it is more important for man to have personality and be seen as an individual, and that he will even choose to suffer rather than be seen as just a part of the collective...The second half of the book is a story illustrating his philosophy, using as his protagonist a poor, unremarkable, and rather unlikeable man desperate to stand out, to be seen...WHAT I LIKED: I liked the overall message of the book. I generally don’t enjoy reading philosophy, but I did agree with his conclusions...WHAT I DIDN’T LIKE: I generally don’t enjoy reading philosophy. The wit of the obscure references (thank goodness for end notes) to his contemporaries was entirely lost on me. The antagonist in the second part of the book was insufferable. I understand he was simply the personification of the ethos of those in Russia who opposed socialism, a natural response to collectivism and an oppressive government, but I just didn’t like the guy.",
Three Stars,"It is ok, but very basic..",
One Star,Zero,
It was mostly tedious.,I had to read for book group.  It was mostly tedious.,
Big price for one page writing!!,I bought this book for my husband as he is a cyclist and wanted it..Waste of  money as could be read in  10 minutes.,
Jew-ish cookbook,Did not care for the recipes.Look through book and returned,
"Better than Maze, not as good as Strands","This was certainly a lot better than Maze of Moonlight, in my opinion. I was so glad that Christopher was out of the picture that that just lightened the book for me. Omelda constantly being raped and not caring, however, ugh. She was such a weak person. And Natil...still boring as ever, but at least she got some good parts here. I was so tired of hearing about her being depressed by the half way point, that I almost threw the book out the window. I'm glad I didn't, because it got better. Not much better, but it did get better. I'm probably the only person who was happy when Omelda's voices finally stopped the way they did. I loved when Natil got a glimpse of the stars in the prison and finally got up the courage that was missing from her for two whole books. She was almost like Miriam.",
Lost and Never Found,"The Dragon Round by Stephen S. Power is a book with a beautiful cover that unfortunately never delivers. The writing and plot meandered so much and ended up tripping over itself. We had one series of confrontations after another with a revenge-stricken Captain in Jeryon that had the strategic foresight of a newborn baby...The Dragon Round is the story of Jeryon, a Captain whose crew abandons him alone in the middle of nowhere to die, committing mutiny. The only thing that drives him is revenge. When he, and the healer that was given a ‘Captain’s Chance’ somehow manage to stumble upon a nest of dragon’s eggs, he knows he finally has his vehicle for revenge against all those that wronged him...I had a difficult time finishing this story. I almost gave up several times, in fact, it took me around 2 weeks just to finish this book. I hated the writing style. I hated how Jeryon was pretty much an evil guy that was portrayed as a victim. What he did, the people he attacked, those were not the actions of an innocent man wronged. When I first read this I was thinking I would get something akin to The Count of Monte Cristo. Unfortunately, this book cannot even tie the shoes of that masterpiece. For this book to improve, the story needs to flow better. It jumped around so much and the writing style was a confusing mix of changing perspectives and tenses. Furthermore, the way that Jeryon treats the dragon is downright dreadful, and no way to inspire loyalty. I would not recommend this book and hope that prior to releasing some of the flow and character issues can be cleaned up. I am giving this book 2/5 flames for an almost frozen-solid plot with flat characters that never really have a chance to develop...I received this book for free from the publisher in exchange for my honest review.",
Pictures are too dark and 'artsy',"After a brief look through of this book and comparing it to other crepe paper flower books, I determined the pictures were 'arty' and not clear enough for it to be useful for me. There are shadows on her hands that make shadows on the flowers that she is trying to demonstrate. I didn't even read the tutorial directions, which might be usable, but the font is too small for me. I immediately put in to return the book. The pictures remind me of a black and white picture that has been 'colored'.",
Another Subpar Installment,"Here we are yet again, me kicking myself for reading yet another subpar Hannah Swensen mystery... This series has been firmly relegated to library status for me which makes it a little more tolerable since I am only wasting time and not time and money. My complaints have been echoed a million times over by other reviews. There are sloppy continuity errors, the series seems stuck in 80s or 90s, the writing is stilted, the recipes take over the entire book, Hannah's technological skills are on par with an 90 year old instead of a 30 year old, there is no character development and of course, the horrible, no good love triangle. These books are tired. I'll give you that the mystery was better this time, with the last book's loose ends being tied up (who killed the bus driver), albeit quite sloppily and in a way that felt forced, but the never ending love triangle is absurd at this point. It's been two years since Norman proposed and there has been no change...I am a late 20s professional in a conservative profession, and I detest pantyhose and I only wear them when I absolutely have to, which would be precisely NEVER to a social event in the middle of a blistering heat wave! Please show me a 30-something other than Hannah Swensen who would ever wear pantyhose to a social event in the middle of summer. Does Ms. Fluke know any women Hannah's age living in 2013? Because it sure doesn't seem like it. The cell phone, the lack of call waiting or caller id, the pantsuit... There are just too many inconsistencies that don't add up. And yet - I could possibly overlook all of these if Hannah would just marry Norman and be done with it. Ms. Fluke - your loyal readers are becoming less loyal with each book and you are going to lose many of us unless you wrap up the love triangle and bring this series to an end. Just because you can keep churning out books year after year doesn't mean you should...",
Not a bad read!,"I must disagree with the former reviewer. The book is NOT that bad a read! So, ok, it's  not a 5 star but it is enjoyable and it keeps you hooked..Saffron is kidnapped by a group of people and she has to go through some really nasty experiences before she is released (it's for you to read how). I thought the characters are developed quite nicely and have some depth. I particularly enjoyed the last chapters and the fact that it does not end in the last 2 pages. Also Ms. Jordan took her time in developing an introduction to the story, how they met, they spend some time together and so on..One thing I didn't like is the relationship with her father- it goes from nothing to... well, nothing minus. No confrontation, no arguments, nothing! He seems a puppet in the book only to be brought in at some particular moments...To sum up, if you read more books by Penny Jordan, this one is a usual.",
a cero stars book with three stars content valuel,Thew book is good to read and learn new recipes but is so bad quality!! I havent finish reading and pages are all falling down.. completely bad edition! Pitty.Nothing new in it.,
Not a book for ANYONE,I can’t believe the 5 star ratings for this horrible story! Recommended for grades 1-2?!?!?!  A story about a murdering monster is sure to bring nightmares for anyone and to give it a Christmas setting is abhorrent.  The pictures are disturbing to say the least and the story itself is alarming and unsettling.  Not recommended for anyone of any age.,
not worth your money or time,I read the first five chapters... and the last one. Don’t waste your time.,
Not a big fan,It’s an okay book don’t like. Much,
A short read and of value,"This book is easy to read due to the fairytale format. The people I recommended it to found it a refreshing read and a change from the brick heavy management books we usually leave unfinished. It could however be an  insult to the intellegence of some people, therefore recommend to only  those who have a sense of humour.",
I SHOULD HAVE KNOW BETTER.  .  .,". . . when there was a quote / paraphrase from.the Bible on the 3rd page of the INTRODUCTION!!.There are a LOT of them.  Too many for me, I only.made it through half of the book!!  I was really hoping.to get some insight (help), due to the fact that I am a real.people-pleaser.",
This was the worst one. The print is super small and the ...,Went to Sri Lanka in the summer and got many types of guides.  This was the worst one.  The print is super small and the info is rudimentary at best.  Spend a bit more for Lonely Planet/Rough Guides/Eyewitness Travel Guides.....,
"This book was written right along with the ""see Jane ...",This book was written right along with the &#34;see Jane run&#34; books.  So old the pages were brown.  Not at all what I was expecting for the price I paid for it.  I was looking for an updated or recent print.,
Frightening and then infuriating,First two chapters are riveting but the third is a repeat of The Coming Storm.  Half the book is good after that it’s a rip-off if you already had Coming Storm,
A lot takes place in a short read.,"This novella has a lot going on for such short read.  Autumn is immediately attracted to the four sexy tiger shifters when they come into the Wolfe Den bar.  Korbin, Chase, Maddox and Logan are hunting a rogue tiger who is killing women who look like his recently murdered mate, women who look like Autumn...The four tigers take Autumn home and promise to protect her after a women is found dead outside the bar where Autumn bartends.  The four take turns guarding Autumn while the other 3 continue to hunt for the rogue tiger...The story is interesting, but I just didn’t feel like the storyline allowed for getting to know the characters and to be enamored with them.  The four tigers each recognized Autumn was their mate and are willing to share her to avoid the risk of losing her to one of the others.  The plan to share her as their mate was barely even discussed and all agreed with no issues or concerns for jealousy which seemed weird since all four are described as having dominant personalities...While I found it entertaining, I just didn’t love the book.  Don’t let my meh attitude dissuade you from giving the book a chance.  Lately I’ve read some incredible books and this just doesn’t stand up well in comparison...I received an ARC from the author and Elle Woods PR, and I am voluntarily leaving a review.",
Disappointing content,"Very little material on the how - instead you are deferred to your dehydrator manual which is often lacking..Everything he says on the subject can be found with a simple Google search ""dehydrator jerky""..In spite of jerky featuring prominent  in the title there's only about 30 pages on the subject mostly recipes..Then many of his recipes don't really resemble jerky in that he bakes the preparation in the oven then pats dry and dehydrates.  The duh parts comes when you realize you could just do it all in the oven by taking the baked meat out, turn oven down to 160F and placing the baked meat on a wire rack on a cookie sheet to dehydrate.  He never says that however - he refers to the dehydrator..Then we have the hot sauces.  Spicy yes, dehydrator no.  So why are they here?  Nothing you can't find on any number of sites making hot sauces.  I personally don't know if I'll remember that there are hot sauce recipes in a spicy dehydrator book.  Then we have other non sequitur chapters like soups and risottos!  Seriously here's an example of a total non-sequitur to the books title ""Spicy Dehydrator Cookbook"" - Mexican style couscous.  It uses dried vegetables in the ingredients without telling you how to make them..I suggest saving your money for a book that educates you on how to effectively use your dehydrator with recipes tossed in instead of a generic cookbook with jerky thrown in as an oddity.",
I will not learn French in France.,"The usual book about buying a house in France. Annoyingly the author states again and again and again throughout the book that he does not understand a word of French, even after years of living there several months each year. Take a French course for heavens sake.",
Couldn't Get Into It,"I read the blurb and the book looked decent, read the first page and it was well written (passed my test) so I got it...Even though the plot looks interesting and the writing is decent, I could not get into this book because the entire first 30 pages is a GIANT INFO DUMP.  There is almost no characterization going on and no main character to really bond to...The beginning almost reads like genesis with so and so begot so and so who begot so and so who begot so and so....  But in this case, its a list of past events and occurrences and political intrigues etc. etc. Sure, that's all fine and dandy within the context of the story but not as a beginning...In the beginning, I need a character to bond with, to care about, to go on a journey with.  Otherwise, why should I care?..Perhaps, there is a decent main character in that book that I could have bonded with and gone on an adventure with.  Unfortunately, I couldn't wad through 30 pages worth of info dumping to get to said character, so this book is a miss for me...I have a rule (give a book 50 pages) so I will see if I can't struggle through 20 more pages to find a main character and if I do and somehow manage to finish this book, i'll come back and update this review",
chef a likeable guy,"The fat chef is a likeable fellow, and you want his romance to pan out because he has the best intentions.  However, although a sweet story, it is not truly believable.  If you're looking for an enjoyable read about likeable folks during a difficult time (Germans in France during WWII), you will enjoy this book.  If you're looking for a gritty WWII drama about the brave underground getting back at the Germans, you'll be disappointed.  Yes, it deals with the underground, the Germans are arrogant and cruel, and nice people are imprisioned and tortured.  But not 'on screen'  so-to-speak.  Yes, the chef does something horrible to the nasty German, but it's only implied, never spelled out.  I've found Nath's books to be enjoyable reads about nice people in bad times, but white washed so that you don't have to suffer, see the blood and guts so vividly detailed in many modern boods and movies.",
The Century Trilogy,The story is entertaining although the book is not well written. Lots of &#34;See Spot. See Spot run&#34; type of sentences. I read the first book in this trilogy and was curious what would happen next. When the third book comes out I'll watch for it at the &#34;used&#34; price or go to my local bookstore. It is not worth the full price.,
Like most first books it has stronger and weaker points,Some mistakes in the book made me wonder whether to fault the author or the editor. There are a couple of places I highlighted wondering if I could ask someone or the author what they meant by that as it was confusing and some of the metaphors made no sense to me. It had some strong areas at the start and once past the middle of the book. I'm not sure if I'd readily seek out another book from this author as a result.,
Interesting at times,"Scott is a compelling and accomplished writer.  The Kept is a gripping novel.  Scott creates suspense, develops characters, and really engrossed the reader.  Although at times, the story does wan a bit, I still found it interesting.. It is not the best book I have read recently, but it definitely is it the worst.  I realize this not a glowing review to say it is not the worst, but I honestly truly liked it even though it was weak at times...If you are intrigued, read it!",
Eh,Same old information.,
Would not recommend it if you're looking for a Holmes/Russell story,"Actually, maybe too many twists.  Neither Holmes nor Russell are in it very much so not as interesting as I had hopped.  Would not recommend it if you're looking for a Holmes/Russell story.",
Cute,This book is okay. It's cute and I will color in it.,
needlessly complicated,Fantasy books should be simple and enjoyable to read. Not complicated. Plot twists not needed.,
This book was so bad that I returned it!,"This book has a couple of pages in the beginning talking about query letters.  Then the rest is basically an outdated &#34;address book&#34; of nothing but production companies.  (There are no agents included.)  When you try submitting a screenplay, you're better off submitting a query to agents then getting your screenplay through the agent realm and then THEY will peddle your script to production companies.  These production companies will not accepted unsolicited material and, unfortunately, this book doesn't include ANY agents to submit to.  Further, their advise about writing a query letter isn't very good.  Pass on this piece of crap book.",
Recommended only for beginning writers who can't come up with a topic,"I purchased this text because it was required reading for a creative writing class. After reading several of the chapters, I find myself disappointed with it.  Although Miller and Paolo do provide a useful overview of different styles of nonfiction, as well as references to strong writers within the genre, I was less impressed with their suggestions for a new writer.  The book tends towards the overly flowery, from my point of view, and has some writing prompts that I find ridiculous or overly simplistic.  In a chapter on writing about family, for example, one prompt encourages the writer to ""describe every member of your family in terms of a part of the body ... Look at belly buttons, fingerprints, moles, toe-nails, or tongues"" (23). Another section asks the writer to create an essay around three time periods in the person's life, all written in present tense, before trying to find a connection between them. While I don't doubt that effective essays can be written around the prompts in the book, I did not find them helpful in addressing the different ideas in which I am personally invested...I should note that I am a graduate student and have taken several nonfiction classes, so my expectations for the text are possibly different than those of someone looking for an introduction to creative nonfiction. If you want to write nonfiction but struggle to come up with your own topic, then this book's basic prompts might be helpful to get you started (before you hopefully move on to other texts).  If, however, you already have ideas but want better advice on how to strengthen your actual writing, I do not recommend this work at all...Instead, may I suggest [[ASIN:0393326659 In Fact: The Best of Creative Nonfiction]], edited by Lee Gutkind, which is a wonderful anthology of creative nonfiction? I enjoyed almost all of the essays in this collection. I found them to be far more useful and telling about great writing practices (and topics!) than most ""How To"" writing books.",
Good Idea ...bad delivery,"I was really excited when I came across this book and the reviews. However, upon reading, the plot was really cheesy and they idea of using Hip-Hop (the word) equivalent to the bible was executed poorly. I think the author had a good idea that was delivered poorly.",
0/10 don’t recommend,"Do not recommend. Hard to understand, long chapters & plain black content.",
Just okay...........,Not too bad.....could be better.,
Talking dragons and exclamation points.,"This book is sometimes painfully stupid. The writing is bad, the characters don't really have any depth or interesting things about them, the plot twists are usually pretty obvious and silly. All that being said, though, I couldn't stop reading it. That's got to count for something.",
If all you want is lots of white bread dough buy this.,"I scanned this book online before ordering.  Wish I'd actually read it first.  I expected some good crusty wheaty bread recipes.  I've been making no-knead bread for over a year now, adjusting some of the flours as I progressed.  I'd purchased an Emile Henry pot when I started out and love it.  I saw a picture of that pot in this book so I expected to have recipes and timing that worked with that.  Not so.  Just a picture of the pot.  I had seen titles of wheat bread but wheat sandwich bread from a loaf pan? Please! Gave up that years ago.  A good European wheat loaf with a good crumb and great crust is what I want.  Even their Peasant bread is five cups white flour to 1 cup wheat.  Sad.  Big waste of my money.",
Disappointing,"I tried hard to like this book. It has tons of potential, with a great set-up between the two main characters, but lacks suspense or tension of any source motivating the reader to complete it. Everything of note seemed resolved in the first hundred pages or so. With a new story arc, the writing and characters could have made for quite a lovely tale. What a disappointment.",
The power of love...is stupid,"I enjoyed the other books, had plenty of moments when I would burst out laughing while reading them. But this book, honestly it feels like it was writing by someone else. It's not focus, the plot is everywhere. There was no real growth to the characters. The moral of this book seemed to be the power of love can fix everything, which it can't and is horrendously stupid to believe such a thing. nick finds out that Kody is here to kill him, brakes up with her then spends the WHOLE book moaning over her. Ash and Nick have a lot of male (yaoi) bonding moments. Adrian, the most bad ass demon, was reduced to nothing more than a foot note. That fight between father and son, doesn't happen. He goes out like a wuss. Then the ending was just as stupid and completely cliché. I honestly thought Pandaemoniun would be the worst book I would read this year looks like I was wrong. Maybe Sherrilyn has been reading too much Fairy Tail, it has my brother running around going on about friendship and comrades.",
Very slow,I only got thru a few chapters because it was pretty boring. It was going on and on very dull so I put it down.,
TOO MANY SIMILAR STORIES,"One reviewer writes that one story he likes alone is worth the price of this book, and he's an English Lit teacher, of course..Well, we're in our 80s, living on fixed income; and if I had known that most, except for the ones from earlier times, are by, and about blacks..After a while the stories just get boring and are pretty much repetitive..I am sure some bigotted liberal will reply with how I am a redneck, and other crap. Without really reading what I say above.",
Huh? That's It?,"I was flabbergasted to read the reviews from people who gave this book 4- and 5-stars. Did we read the same book?  Maybe not. Perhaps these people purchased the book edition at full-price, whereas I downloaded my kindle edition for $.99, and they received a version that is markedly different from mine...This book was one of my worst summer readings. Mr. Cantrell had the makings of a good novel.  However, instead of developing an intricate story with likeable and villainous characters, he fills the pages with too much technical babble that robbed the story of any mystery and interest. I agree with some of the reviewers who commented that it was like reading a technical manual. In numerous instances, when the author engages the reader with a twist in the plot, he never develops it much further, only to leave the reader with anticipation.  And the anticipation, of course, turns out to be one of the biggest disappointments at the end, leaving the reader to ask, Huh? That's it?",$
Not good quality book,Cover came damaged. Book fell apart quickly.,
but the only thing I truly liked about this book were that Harry and Draco became ...,"I'm a huge Harry Potter fan, but the only thing I truly liked about this book were that Harry and Draco became friends.",
Falls short,"Pedestrian or slightly better. Missing a combination of a clever plot twist, a far more interesting hero / bad guy, and snappier dialogue.",
STINKER.,"This was a real stinker. The characters were well developed, which kept me reading, but there's nothing like getting 65% into a book only to find out this story is going nowhere. Then, it starts getting preachy. The punctuation annoyed me. Each character's internal dialogue felt fake, even if it was close to being true. The wrap up was near awful. The climax was an actual letdown. The book sounds like it came from the perspective of someone who has only observed life, not lived it.",
Only One hole for each,This only has room for 1 of each quarter ... There's a p & d mint so a true collector will need to buy 2 of these to collect both (other books offer 2)... Disappointing for the price. Wish I had known that up front.,
Organized Simplicity,"I found the book helpful in a number of ways. I found it a little long on philosophy and short on how to actually accomplish tasks. By this I mean that I expected a simplified approach to managing multitasking. What I found was a rather complicated, repetitive system of hand-written daily planning and scheduling. I don't believe this approach is functional for many of the women who want to simplify. The concepts are great. The daily execution is too time-consuming and repetitive to be entirely useful. Perhaps someone can take these concepts and revise the daily execution into a streamlined version that makes more sense for all women.",
Not Helpful,"I didn't find this book helpful at all in learning how to write dialogue. Then when the sex and violence showed up for dialogue examples, that's when I stopped reading / studying it. I was hoping it would show me how to turn narrative into dialogue, but it didn't.",
This book ruined my day,"I got the audiobook. For the first couple of hours I was enjoying it. I did start to feel a little weird about Kellen and Wavy, but when it became obvious that the story would go on to become a romance between a grown man and (I think?) an eight year old girl, I felt sick and turned it off...I cannot understand the positive reviews, because I cannot understand how or why anyone would continue reading past that point. This is gross. I was having a pretty good day and this book ruined it, put me in an irritable and uncomfortable mood and i wouldn't recommend it to anyone.",
Not a book that can be read casually,"With out giving the story away, I enjoyed the life comparisons. For me, this book was long and drawn out and morbid as if the author was writing a thesis rather than telling a story. Non the less, an intriguing book.",
Darwins Work formation of mold,"I do not recommend this book ,it was  a cheep copy , when opened bool looked as if photo copied ,no index in back scratchy dark ink , no title on side of book .this was a sham and its one of the problems with ordering online . You only have the photo to go by .The book seemed like a hack job .",
Buy the paper edition now but dont buy the CD,"Summary: don't buy the CD without first reading the previous 11 reviews...Details: The 4th print edition is very nice and it stands up the American Heritage fame of past editions. Nice improvement. Buy it right now. Specially if you have kids or are young in mind, it begs to be explored. However, I was about to buy /download the software (CD) version -- but after reading all 11 previous reviews, it is clear it's NOT worth it. From loosing 30% of the screen due to a silly logo, to not being able to chain link through definitions (click on words you find in a definition), etc it's obviously not worth it. I read the developer's words but he just merely addresses technical glitches, not the biggest complaints which are usability. I hope the editors read these comments and improve / heed the comments for the 5th edition.",
Good price,Very informative,
Still looking for a standout book on the subject,"This book and Pfarrer's ""Warrior Soul"" are positively interchangeable. Buy Pfarrer's book if you want to save a few bucks and read the same story. Pfarrer kicks up the vocabulary a bit with some $0.50 words from the thesaurus but that's about it. Both are rather dry accounts related in a dispassionate manner...but that probably goes with the territory/personality...Here's the outline of both: innocence, early trials, ordeal, lost & wandering, redemption...The bulk of each is the training and stories of deployment with the intro and outro included on an almost perfunctory basis. I suppose this would naturally be the order if someone were to describe how they came to be a SEAL, what they did as a SEAL, and what they did after, I'm just looking for a little variety rather than a by-the-numbers tale. Maybe I want a book on just training or just missions without the other fluff...I will confirm what some others have said about this book with regards to product placement. The first few mentions don't seem too out of place but by the 15th brand name product description you start to wonder if it's paid placement or not. Some of the descriptions read a bit too much like ad copy...The Kindle edition is perfectly good, only one illustration (though I couldn't seem to zoom in on it to make out printed words).",$
Disappointing,"I was so excited when I found out that Rutherford was writing a book about Paris.  I was so disappointed in this overly.convoluted book,  too many characters were drawn upon in this book at the expense of the rich history of Paris.  My bottom line is don't bother.",
The Usual Stuff by the Usual Suspects.,"The book is an anthology of essays cobbled together by the senior editor of WRITERS DIGEST for their 75th anniversary...Some of the essays are incoherent, some are sublime, and most are the usual stuff that reveals little about the nuts & bolts of writing...I found the essays from the 1920s to be excellent. The rest failed to impress me. The collection of cameo quips by famous authors was a disappointment.",
Martin Cruz Smith has been kidnapped,"I have read everything Martin has written, and I can not believe he wrote this. Maybe he let someone write it for him. I hope he has not been kidnapped. Martin Cruz Smith is probably one of the best writers of our time. I would gladly help out with ransom money. Whoever has him please release him unharmed. You are suppressing great literature.",
More emotional depth to this vampire hunting series with good action hampered by a faltering and incomplete plot + worldbuilding,"Vampire Bablyon is the start of a new vampire hunting series featuring a female stunt expert, Dawn Madison. The story is fast paced and filled with enough gory fight scenes to please the hard core urban fantasy reader but with a surprisingly emotional layer that may appeal to the female reader. It fails to deliver a complete world building construct and this coupled with the tendency to leave more plot threads open than resolved left this reader dissatisfied...Dawn is between stunt jobs when she finds out her father, Frank, is missing. She heads to LA and the PI firm of Limpet & Associates to find him. Assisted by a psycho midget,Kiko Daniels, and a gorgeous Hispanic tech guru, Briesi, Dawn begins to the hunt for Frank.  Dawn learns that there is a complete otherworld filled with psychics, vampires and the VOICE, who runs the show at the PI firm. Dawn must help to find her father; solve the mystery of a re-appearing child star that disappeared 12 years ago but has suddenly reappeared; resolve personal issues with her dead mother; fight vampires; discover who is behind the hiring of a second PI guy; figure out who the VOICE is; and save the world. Sound like a lot for one book? It is...There were two major problems that hindered me from really falling into the story. The world building, while interesting, is frustratingly incomplete. Also incomplete were the conclusion of the many plot threads introduce. In fact, only one was brought to a close. This is likely intentional in order to make a reader invest in the entire trilogy...What kept me reading was that Dawn was an interesting character. She is an acute observer and her descriptions of her world were detailed and rich.  She is conflicted with feelings of anger and remorse over a poor relationship with her father; and her identity and self-esteem issues that arise from being the daughter of a dead Hollywood icon.  In the end, I was intrigued about the next book because Dawn is an appealing narrator. I do want to find her peace and am willing to read at least one more book to find out more about her journey. C+",++
It's ok,"Maybe I need to make a few more items before I give a review, but I don't like the two things I made so it makes me weary of spending time to make another item from this book. The designs are super cute and the styling of the book is adorable. I'm just not crazy about the fit of the garments. Because my child is younger (27 months, but wears a 3T because she is very tall), I need to adjust sizing. Even with these adjustments, I find the patterns are huge and short. I don't mind the tracing and the adjusting if the dress turns out awesome, but it has not turned out great so far. I made the dual yoke dress and the pom pom hat. The dress fits really large despite my taking off 1-1.5 inches in width and not adding seam allowance. I don't see how it can fit a 4.y.o. if I followed the size 4 pattern perfectly. It's super short and oddly wide, this dress. The hat fits ok, but not as cute as the photo. I'm a tad disappointed. I was hoping it would be another Sew Chic Kids pattern book (where every dress is a complete stunner). I'll update if another dress changes my mind, but right now I'm hesitant to waste more fabric.",
WTF?,Never purchased this item.,
"450 pages , pleasant protagaonist. Novel needed 10 less murders and accordingly 10 less trips to the morgue for body snipping","Started out interesting as a brit crime novel  main character with family history that could have been interesting. Then the Killings began.They would have been more believable had they not multiplying like rabbits,  and the lack of any of the characters to notice the  incredible increase in similar deaths.. The No.of people stumbling into public places and  then  slitting their throats. was way past believable. Counting up the number of murdered would be difficult.",
What a bunch of garbage!,This book deserves to be burned! What a bunch of extreme emotionalist garbage.,
Just Okay,"I'm a regular reader of Fail Blog, but I think that may have worked against me in this case. I didn't really enjoy many of the pictures. I'm not entirely sure if I've even seen some of them before because none of them stuck in my mind. I don't really see any reread value and there's not much meat to the book. Frankly, you're better of looking at the actual website if you intend to get some actual laughter out of it...On the other hand, if you're looking for a small gag gift or a unique coffee table book, this might be a good choice for you.",
save your money,i am a big fan but this book is not worth buying--crais tried going back and forth between various times and people to very poor effect--have no idea how many people are killed in this book but way too many to make sense-- been better to kill this book and start over!,
Inaccurate Product Description,Product arrived WITHOUT the DVD / CD that is purported to be part of the package.  The DVD / CD is mentioned in the on-line reviews but arrives without it.  No word on how to get the DVD / CD and on option to comment back to Amazon on the missing items.,
"Great History on the Rangers, very little on Zords",It's a decent book. But it is mainly nonstop history of the various Saban Americanized Power Rangers series and teams. Sadly nowhere near a satisfying amount of info or picture from the original Sentai shows and most importantly the Zords/Robots.,
Nothing to write home about,"It was an pretty good book, but forgettable. Some truly great moments, but it won't stick with you.",
Binding falling apart on first read,"The pages of the book are falling out on the first read by an adult! We read The Hobbit from this pack and didn’t have a problem but upon reading Fellowhip, the pages immediately started falling out with each page turn. It is extremely frustrating. I’ve resigned myself to having to throw away the book after reading it one time. Horrible. I gave it two stars instead of one because The Hobbit was fine. Avoid this binding, not worth the price for a one-read book.",
Disappointed,"I love the story as usual, but my grandson can not beep Little Blue. Heck, I can barely beep him myself. So disappointed",
REMINDS ME OF A MEANDERING RIVER THAT GOES NOWHERE.,"Usually i enjoy John Sanford books and the character, Virgil Flowers.  This one wandered badly, with foreign names and mixed up sub plots.  Way too much for the average reader to remember about who was who in the book.  It jumps around and you (or I) end up confused as to which person is the bad guy/girl.  I did not like to book at all and felt it was a waste of money.  I hope that Sandford does not continue with this type of story line.  It does not read well.",
Confusing. Book 2 stated Karen did not have sex ...,"Confusing.  Book 2 stated Karen did not have sex with her ex-husband, but book 3 started out by stating she did.  Kind of contradicting statements.Also makes the story more complicated than it should have been.  Seems an awful lot of focus on sex.",
Good,"I'm enjoying the overall plots in this series, but Eric is just annoying and I agree with another reviewer that too much just doesn't gel. Thought the first book was building a great ensemble cast around him, but each book just loses more of them and I find that disappointing.",
Gift,no clue,
Sure To Put You Asleep,This was one of the most boring books I have ever tried to read....I never finished it because it was terrible.  There are so many better books about Italy out there!,
Bad Read,Plodded through the first half of this book and was disappointed by the whole.Storyline. I could kind of see where the author was going but he just didn't get there fast enough. It quickly became the boring book I read to put me to sleep. Did not have the strength to read the rest. Had to give up!,
Just ok,"It was just ok.  Seemed to drag in several places.  I finally made it to the end, but it wasn't as good as I had hoped.",
BIG ENOUGH BUT TOO EASY,BIG ENOUGH BUT TOO EASY.,
It's O.K.....,"This book is very cute, and the price is right. The very simple subject material and low word volume make it an ideal 'story' for young babies. Unfortunately, the book's flimsyconstruction and very thin flaps make it much better suited for older toddlers who are able to understand how to lift flaps gently, and are no longer interested in chewing or drooling on books. My babies were 11 months old when I bought this for them, and while it initially held their attention, they were frustrated by the fact that they could not play with the book. I think they will be very bored by this by the time they're old enough to handle it.",
Wildly uneven mystery in a wildly uneven series,"I'm accustomed to mystery writers whose books get steadily better, or steadily slide off in terms of quality, and I'm always delighted to find one who is consistently good. But Conor Fitzgerald doesn't fall into any of these categories. I struggled to finish his debut novel, [[ASIN:1608190544 The Dogs of Rome: A Commissario Alec Blume Novel]], but absolutely loved the second in the series[[ASIN:1608198499 The Fatal Touch: A Commissario Alec Blume Novel]], despite having had to force myself to pick it up. That tale -- which begins with the mysterious demise of an elderly Irishman in a Roman piazza -- was told in part through the eyes of Caterina Mattiola, and so we see Commissario Alec Blume, her boss, through fresh eyes. That shift in viewpoint worked for me, and the book as a whole as a lively, smart and intriguing mystery,  with a complex plot involving art fraud, corruption and bureaucratic nonsense...So I was eager to read the third in the series -- only to find myself plodding through a novel that had all of the faults of the first -- and more -- and few of the redeeming characteristics of the second book. It's a confusing mishmash of plot elements, beginning with the murder of a man whose only crime seems to have been sharing the same name as the new magistrate that Blume has been working with on some cases. Did the Mafia do it? Caterina ends  up taking a back seat in the story, even as she investigates this murder, while Blume is dispatched by some shady Intelligence operatives alongside a German cop on vacation in an antique camper van, in what kind of starts to feel like a comic road caper. Interspersed with all this is a strand of the plot told through the eyes of the adolescent son of a member of one of Italy's most notorious crime syndicates. There's a lot going on here, and Fitzgerald didn't make following the various strands very easy...Most problematic for me, however, was that in this third novel, Blume himself simply comes across as a reckless jerk much of the time. And he's a jerk with no real motivation -- he's behaving irresponsibly and foolishly in both his personal and professional life, and as a reader, I never really understood why. He's on the verge of moving into Caterina's home, but doesn't keep in touch with her -- and we don't really understand why. He does something reckless and dangerous in order to flush out a Mafia boss, deliberately putting someone's life in jeopardy -- and it wasn't clear to me just why he had done so, other than sheer cussedness. Now, being a jerk is fine -- I don't need characters in novels to be wholly admirable folks out to save the world -- but an author needs to make their behavior convincing by paying attention to character development. We know that Blume is tormented by losing his parents at a young age and being stranded on his own in Italy (he's American by birth), but how might that have led to these particular actions?..So this was a frustrating book to read, especially after I had really enjoyed its predecessor. I'm back to wondering whether this is a series to be curious about or avoid in future. There's still room for Fitzgerald to do a great job with this series by streamlining his plots and paying more attention to character development, and there's a lot to like here in his mastery of the setting and the issues. But I'm glad I got this one from the publisher via NetGalley.",
Mrs. Millie couldn't handle Philly,When I saw this title I was excited to be able to get something for my nephew that has my home town in it. The book represents Philadelphia wonderfully. The illustrations are excellent. It's just that Mrs. Millie  drove me nuts. This could be one of those books that kids love and parents can't stand its like a toy that makes noise. I get that its a kids book but Mrs. Millie's dialogue is so annoying it makes a 25 page book unbearable. If you can handle that then you'll be fine. Otherwise stay away.,
"Half Cliche, Half Textbook","Mr. Westerfeld is the creator of the immortal ""Uglies"" trilogy - a sharp, science-fiction YA about a dystopia centered around plastic surgery and the rebels who are living natural ""ugly"" lives. This novel is not about that. This is about vampires. Sort of...It's more about parasites. Well, let me explain this way. Half the book is facts about parasites that read like those tidbit sections you might see in a Biology textbook or Highlights magazine with the title ""Did You Know?"" The other half is some teenager who's been infected with a parasite that gives him all the benefits of being a vampire and none of the weaknesses (except being horny all the time, which doesn't really figure into the plot and is par for the course for any teenager). He works for a secret underground organization, and has to find all his old girlfriends who have become ghouls because he accidentally gave the parasite to them.  Then he has to find his first girlfriend, the one who gave him the curse (whoops, tripped over the allegory in the doorway. Silly me). Then he does a lot of exploring, and he ends up realizing the kindly secret conspiratorial underground organization who took him in has been hiding information and manipulating him all the time. Didn't see that coming...This book was full of meh. There was too much description, too much trying to create dread. And you can't do that in a YA book that's full of slang and goofy teenagers. And there was a severe lack of vampires for a story about vampires. Lots of parasites, cats, and rats, but no vampires being vampires. And the whole MIBs in an underground war has been done to death, and it's no better here. I found myself looking forward to the educational sections about gross parasites and how they help and hurt nature. It's an adult story dumbed down to a YA level, and leaves you unsatisfied. If I was an editor, I would have passed on this novel.",
Three Stars,Its just a book,
Two Stars,no,
Disappointing,I am so disappointed how the tempo of these stores have gone. They have become fluffy and no longer enjoyable mystery reading,
Three Stars,Good fast read but felt it was more like fanfiction. Not really true to the HP universe.,
dumb book,wasted my time stipid book not fun to rerad,
Meh. Writing so bad it's distracting.,"Good book idea but distractingly poor writing, stupid charactures, strangely jumpy plot that reads kind of like a Mad Libs. Had low expectations but it barely let those. Picked up an idea or two but don't recommend it.",
Two Stars,it was just ok,
Had potential but lacked cohesion and too many characters,"My Rating: ⭐️⭐️/5 stars.I would like to thank the author, Thomas & Mercer & NetGalley for providing me  an e-ARC in exchange for a honest review...Trigger Alert: VERY rampant theme of suicide throughout the book..One central character in the book, referred to as “The Suicide Watcher” is a psychopath who plays a ‘game’ of picking random people who have to choose between shooting themselves or get shot by the Suicide Watcher. The alternate chapters in italics with the suicide watcher, glorifies and justifies their sick game...The other alternating chapters focus on a couple Elise and Nathaniel, and the murder of their teen daughter, Ida. These chapters are further bifurcated into “then” (before Ida’s murder) and “now” (after the murder). Independently, the couple is also going through their own past issues and mental health traumas with a lot of people involved around them...Unfortunately, I found the novel to be a spaghetti mess of characters,  events and mental health issues. There were way too many characters involved with problems of their own, trying to find their place around the murder where it wasn’t necessary. Also it felt like there was little cohesion in the timeline of events and it got too confusing to keep up. The final reveals also seemed unrealistic. Most importantly, the symptoms of some mental disorders are not accurate...To me, the only redeeming quality (hence the 2 stars) was the chapters focused on the suicide watcher up until before the final reveal. It felt like reading the mind of a psychopath serial killer and I wish the author had focused on this aspect more instead of bringing too many people into the mix.",⭐️⭐️
Three Stars,Wasn't that impressed with this Dning Guide.,
Three Stars,Has some helpful hints,
Not so harmonious,Little bit mystery. I wanted to like this book more. But it got me through my flight. I liked the concept and there were some lovely passages.,
conceptually good,"While the basic concept behind this story was interesting it could be a bit hard to swallow for the average reader in terms of what may go on in the afterlife.  Although that was what made it worth reading to begin with, the actual writing was choppy and did not flow for me for the most part.  However, she did succeed in creating a fuller narrative that goes beyond our usual understanding of tragedy and creates a wider context where there can be a cosmic kind of justice that is more advanced than what the human system can achieve which is a valuable perspective.",
Ok book,This book is ok.  I like the other books in the series better.  His friend isn't a very good friend.,
Awful Writing Style,"I stopped reading this about 100 pages in. I will come back to it, but I couldn't make myself read any further because of the writing style. The story itself is interesting, so far, but the way people ""talk"" is bizarre and unrealistic and the inner monologue in this story is so messy and confusing. I wish I'd read more reviews for this book before purchasing as I see that's ALWAYS the issue people have with this book, if they have issues at all. So much is skipped over and readers are expected to assume a lot, but considering I don't live in the story's world, it's hard to make assumptions about boring characters who speak to each other in odd statements. Also, the use of metaphor is atrocious. I can't even figure out the tone of the story. Maybe it'll get better when I go back to it, and I'll change my rating if so, but man, this book is a hard read. 0/5 stars for me so far.",
binding fell apart in one semester,Poorly  bound textbook - pages were falling out of it the first semester.  For the price these books cost - they shouldn't be falling apart.  This happened to other student's books as well.,
Not what I expected,"I was hoping for more detailed instruction on the stitches, sense the title had learn to crochet in it.  She said to go online to learn certain parts.  If I had known that I would not have purchased it.  I have a little book by the Crochet Dude that came in a kit that is more helpful.",
not,"As I have said before, save your money. Just not worth the paper it was written on. Some item were not true because I have found this out in my own experience.",
print too tiny,"The Print is tiny. It is too tiny to use.  It does have tons of great songs, though.  I love Paul Simon though.",
Confusing,Art was good. Found the story a little hard to follow. Guess I'm getting old or something.,
Ending was WEAK!,"Loved, loved, loved The Couple Next Door! This one .....not so much. It had some decent character development and some great lessons about how lies never pay off in a positive way. But the ending was extremely anticlimactic and a bore. Definitely a disappointment.",
Not impressed,Not impressed,
Good for beginner bag makers.,"Has a good selection of different bags, easy to intermediate. Though the photos are not that helpful. As a beginner this would be a good book to use if you follow the instructions. Patterns are included in hard copy and an offer to download them in digital form for ebook version. However, the publishing co. does not respond to requests or email access to them. Hence three stars.",
"Slow, boring",(Audio CD version) For the first 5  (of 10) discs nothing happens.  Just constant lamenting. I could not have cared less about any of the characters. Still felt the same way after some story finally was introduced on disc 6.,
an entertaining romp through 30 years of Wolfe,"I agree with the majority of reviewers who point out the uneveness of this collection.  Part of me kept asking, &quot;And why NOW are we reading some of these old essays?&quot;  But, since I love Wolfe's writing, I could forgive him some moments of indulgence.  I liked the Bragg piece and the New Yorker bits and the hooking up essay, but some of the other ones are actually dull in parts -- except for the writing I guess you'd say.  When Wolfe is at his best, he can rip others to shreds and keep that grin on his face.  At his low point, he fails to stimulate much interest in his current rant.  I happen to think he excels at pop culture.  I wanted more &quot;hooking up&quot; essays with his trenchant observations about our culture.  Instead, we get more of a random selection of good essays that jump all over the map.",
So Silly I Couldn't Suspend Disbelief,"Eric Van Lustbader's ""The Ring of Five Dragons"" is definitely not worth reading.  In a nutshell, the characters' behaviors are sometimes just silly, the writing stilted, the magic system undefined to the point where its use is nonsensical, and some of the major plot mechanisms are jaw-dropping unbelievable.  I rate it at a Bad 1 star out of 5.  Don't bother.",
When it takes 30 minutes of prep time and then another hour to cook one portion of the mean and then another 15-20 minutes for a,There is maybe 5 recipes I would use in this book - I want to be able to use ingredients out of my garden or off my farm not drive to the store and have to buy a bunch stuff from a store.  &#34;Easy recipes for Fast & Healthy Meals&#34;.  When it takes 30 minutes of prep time and then another hour to cook one portion of the mean and then another 15-20 minutes for another portion - that is not Easy or Fast.  Returning the book.,
Cute but cards are not high quality,"Cards are cute, although it seems like half the deck was an afterthought. Cards are not high quality and stick together quite a bit.",
I tried this book because Amazon thought I would like it based on other books I purchased.,Amazon really missed it on this one.  I read a lot of mysteries and a lot of series.  To call these Lisa Jackson  books a series is a joke.  I slogged through three of them hoping they might get better.  The series characters play bit parts at best and little is revealed about them.  The main characters in the book are high-anxiety women who say they want to be strong but always wind up being rescued by some handsome black sheep they can't seem to resist.,
Impossible to Understand,Not for the everyday person. Impossible to understand. Wouldn't recommend to anyone including professionals.,
Three Stars,Nothing new.,
Meh,Alot of time on character building and check lists leading to trial but all in all the story was just okay. Meh,
Bells and whistles,"Soon after I started reading this book, I got the nagging feeling that I wanted to be deeper into it than I ever was and could get myself, as though I wished I were 50 pages or so into the future. There is some really inventive imagery, but Shadow just wasn't driving me aa a lead character, and while Gaiman clearly knows his mythology and some of the common insights behind pantheism, I feel he didn't transform or bring new insights into that realm ultimately.",
"Page Turner, Not a Bodice Ripper","I enjoyed reading the first few hundred pages of Slammerkin. The young girl, rejected by her mother, saved by the hooker with a heart of gold. I enjoyed the dirty filth of 18th century London from the point of view of a young prostitute who has a taste for the finer things in life. (Who doesn't, right?)..I don't need a happy ending to every book I read but what is the point about reading about a girl whose life sucks, and then sucks more, because of poor choices. It could be a morality tale written by a nun, but it's not; Donoghue is a PhD, I thought she might have a few more tidbits of significance in her narrative. A glimmer of redemption? Nope...While I appreciate the dark and morbid imagination of Ms. Donoghue, fueled by facts and history, I still felt cheated after reading the entire book. The shift in POV of the narrator toward the end of the book seems like a desperate turn of the rudder to right the list of the book, but it only confuses things.",
Take Me With You,"This book started off ok, but then I got bored with it, trying to finish it. Maybe will just read the last chapter and end it.",
Excellent period detail swamps the plot & characters,"Perhaps I was one of only a few readers who came to this without having read Ford's previous novel, [[ASIN:0345505344 Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet]]. After reading this subsequent book, however, my temptation is not to bother rushing out to buy that book, but wait to pick it up at the library one week when I don't have anything more appealing clamoring for my attention...That's because this novel left me strangely cold. Many of the basic plot elements -- the young Liu Song battling the odds to survive as a Chinese-American woman and single mother in 1920s and 1930s Seattle -- reminded me a bit too much of some of the family epics by authors like Belva Plain that I read back in the 1980s -- the details varied, of course, but the trials and traumas felt oddly formulaic. Nor did the quest by young William to find the elusive Willow Frost, now a screen star of pre-Hollywood 'talkies', believing her to be his long-vanished mother, feel terribly convincing to me. It was all mildly interesting, but never very persuasive and never as completely engaging as even many less well-written novels are...In contrast, the writing and the evocation of the period -- Seattle, in the transition from boom to Depression, and the very early years of movie-making -- were very appealing. The result was a mixed bag: a novel whose characters never came truly alive for me and who felt more like a collection of sad/tragic experiences than real individuals, but with a backdrop that was deeply interesting. The result was a not-terribly memorable book, alas, at least for this reader...Given the universal praise for Ford's previous work, perhaps this is another example of the ""sophomore slump"": a novelist and/or publisher rushing to capitalize on the runaway success of one book by pushing out a second as quickly as possible, even if it doesn't measure up. Reading this wasn't a traumatic experience, to be sure, but it didn't make me think, wow, what a great discovery, or make me want to hit the ""buy now"" button on any of his other work instantly.",
Insta love and no plot,Ugh I was so disappointed. First off this is straight up insta love. Within the first 50 pages Isobelle is in love with Rook and who knows why? Our characters have very little personality but with a standalone of barely 300 pages how could they have time to have a personality let alone a plot? The plot is mostly them walking back and forth in the forest. It was legitimately a boring read. I dont recommend giving this one any of your time.,
Courage and Determination,Story of courage and determination!  Difficult to keep track of names.,
"Fast Read, Boring Plot","Cycle of the Werewolf, by Stephen King. It sounds promising, and starts off pretty good, but as the calender months start going by(the whole book is one giant calender) it starts to lag. By lag, I mean that the story begins to repeat itself, and once cool ideas turn boorrrrrinnnng. The artwork though(one for every month, the months are like chapters) is incredibly chilling and original, well worth the 15.95 cover price of the book alone. Berni Wrightson(the illustrator) should get the credit for this book, not Stephen King. A werewolf tale, this book is well worth reading for some scenes, but not most. Only for a die-hard fan of Stephen King. Basically, good for a quick, short scare but not much else. 3 stars, or Grade: C-.",
Needs A Lot of Improvement,"The positive reviews for this book must come from the author's friends and relatives...There was quite a bit I found lacking. This book should have been at least 100 pages shorter and still told the story. Character development is one thing, but, introducing characters, like the male and female in Nebraska, and devoting an inordinate amount of time to them when they have no direct bearing to the plot line is a waste of space and reading time...The author should also proofread, proofread, and then proofread again. There are numerous spelling, grammatical and punctuation errors. In addition, the character dialogue is scripted and stilted...One of the areas I found most annoying was the character from Harlem and the dialogue the author wrote for him....are you serious...""dis"", ""dat"", ""brudda""?..I also counted at least half a dozen times in the last 75 pages where different characters all had, ""a tear in their eye"" at one time or another....really?..This book read more like a science fiction novel than a thriller. Terror on a large scale at home is one thing but at least try to make it believable. ""Death matches"" on TV ala Thunderdome...come on. A lot of the action in thiis book was simply ludicrous. Read at your own risk.",
Dots are too large.,I like this book but the dots are too far apart and large so it makes it look almost childish. It would be perfect if they were 5 mm apart like a lot of other dotted notebooks. I'm still keeping it as I can use it with my Grandkids. I got a ruled one for only 5 dollars from another company and I like that one better. Too bad because this cover is cute and the color is nice.,
I wanted to enjoy it,The story initially had my interest but soon became rather predictable and less enjoyable to read. It is a good book for someone wanting an &quot;easy&quot; read without complicated characters or plot. I know I'm in the minority with my review of this novel. I personally just did not find the characters lively enough to keep my attention.,
VERY LITTLE CONTENT,"VERY LITTLE CONTENT.Short collection of personal pet peeves of author with very few details about Australian culture.  Provides examples of a few vernacular words but nothing that would assist you in understanding the cultural context of the English spoken there, unless perhaps if you spent time in a dive bar in some remote area (to which there are numerous referrals).  No value in understanding business or everyday life in Australia.",
decorative augmentation but no real friendship making bracelets.,"only bracelets that have been heavily  decorated and applied to leather,or created with actual beads ,but no braid making in this book.",
not as good as the original thrawn books,"too much filler and fluff.the voice of the ""young thrawn"" sounds a lot like johnny depp in pirates of the carribean, as if he was constantly drunk or had a stroke, really distracting and not like in the original thrawn books",
It was ok. Not great.,"For me, the book has way too much dialogue. In some places,ideas would be repeated in long paragraphs...needless repetition not thoughtful elaboration.",
Decent read,Not one of my favorite GL volumes but its ok,
Fun. A bit more dictionary like than I expected,Fun.  A bit more dictionary like than I expected. Can be a bit deep.,
Gimmicky,"""There's nothing you can't make in a muffin tin"" begins the description of [[ASIN:1440532168 The Muffin Tin Cookbook: 200 Fast, Delicious Mini-Pies, Pasta Cups, Gourmet Pockets, Veggie Cakes, and More!]].  Author Brette Sember proves that is indeed the case, turning out everything from Candied Yams and Chicken Tortilla Pie to Scallop Bites, portioning them out using various sizes of muffin pans...Cooking things other than muffins and cupcakes in muffin tins is nothing particularly new.  Betty Crocker's early 1960's Dinner For Two cookbook featured individual meatloaves baked in muffin tins and baked eggs, with or without a bologna cup underneath, were quite common during the 50's and 60's.  Grandma does have to wonder, though, why on earth one would bother with some of this...The Cocktail Meatballs started life decades ago as a stunningly easy and delicious slow cooker recipe.  This is one Grandma has been making for many years.  A mere dozen meatballs baked in individual muffin cups seems both terribly messy (the meatballs are cooked in a sauce of grape jelly and barbecue sauce) and FAR short of the number required for even a very small party.  Every time Grandma has ever served these or seen them served they are the very first appetizer to disappear - no matter how many you make.  Grandma usually starts with five pounds of ground meat...Chicken Tortilla Pie is just fussy.  One starts by cutting 18 little circles out of 3 large flour tortillas.  A recipe for Tuna Burgers calls for baking them in regular sized muffin cups, to produce a burger that is about 2"" across, which the author then suggests serving on hamburg buns . . . . .  wouldn't that teeny, slider sized ""burger"" in the center of a hamburg bun be cute?..Baking individual portions of things in muffin tins is a nice little gimmick to spice up your party nibbles, but there is such a thing as way too much of a good thing, sort of like serving three different fondues at the same one party.  Overkill...The book is entirely printed in red-orange, very hard to read, particularly in the smaller print of the notes and the index, for which Grandma had to drag out reading glasses...There are very few pictures, all of them located in an eight page spread in the center of the book, featuring some of the very worst food photography - or even photography in general - that Grandma has ever seen, with most of the photos so out of focus they are fuzzy...All in all, [[ASIN:1440532168 The Muffin Tin Cookbook: 200 Fast, Delicious Mini-Pies, Pasta Cups, Gourmet Pockets, Veggie Cakes, and More!]] feels gimmicky and not particularly well thought out...Not recommended",
Terribly written. The worst grammar ever. DO NOT BUY!!!!,Good lord! This book is written with such atrocious grammar that I don't even think I can read it! I'm only on page seven and it is giving me a headache. I don't think the author even read through it before publishing it. Ugh! I'm going to keep trying to read a few more pages in hopes of learning something. Hopefully it gets better..UPDATE!!!! I couldn't even get through another paragraph. I have actually just thrown this book in the trash. I have NEVER thrown a book away before. DO NOT BUY!!!!! You are wasting your money and time. Just look at the cover. The punctuation isn't even correct in the description. It's missing a comma. Who the hell has the gall to sell this!? What a piece of crap!,
It Could Have Been More,"Meh...I did not like that this was a novelized version of Toole's life. I feel like it cheapens him and his work with speculation and lessens the heartbreak of those who lose someone to suicide. The writing is fine and the story interesting if it truly was a novel, but since it it based on Toole it feels like a cash grab that is just there to renew interest in ""A Confederacy of Dunces.""",
"Worthwhile, but almost too pro-introvert","I am most definitely an introvert--most social interactions require a great deal of mental prep-work for me to get to, and an even longer recovery time. Most of my friends and family are introverts as well. So this book should've been quite engaging for me. And while it had its moments and is definitely worth the read, I found the tone to be almost too rah-rah introverts (and on the same hand, boo extroverts). There was so much emphasis on the good parts of introversion and little on the drawbacks. Also, the author seems to assume all introverts are shy, which they are not. It may seem like a subtle distinction but it is quite significant (as someone who used to be shy, I know there is a genuine difference inside, even if on the outside no one can tell)...While she does cover raising an introverted child, one topic I would've loved for the book to cover was how introverts can relate to their extroverted children. I know several introvert parents with extrovert children, and it's very tough for them to communicate and understand each other...I feel like the people who would most benefit from this book are extroverts with little understanding of introverts, but sadly, they are not the type of people likely to read this book.",
Not as good as I hoped,"This book is cute and has nice gospel-related activities that can keep kids focused on scripture principles and church activities if they get bored during sacrament meeting. The concept is a good one. However, I find it REALLY disappointing that there are many repeated pages/activities in the book. Anyone who thinks kids don't notice stuff like that is nuts and I worry that this book will be cast off as &#34;boring&#34; once they catch on! I would not have paid 5.99 for this book if I'd known this, especially since Bible coloring books are available at many stores for much less money.",
"When she is good, she is very very good, but","When she is bad she is horrid.  I am resigned to Linda Howard's fitting this phrase.  This is one of the ""horrid"" ones. I share books among a group and this will not be passed outside of our group. Our but is that we'll never give up on her cause we know, when she is good...",
Do not waste your money.,"Worthless. There is no new info here, nothing you can not find just by reading the mini instruction sheet that comes with the Echo. Do not waste your money.",
Teen Porn. The girl is given an aphrodisiac so ...,"Teen Porn. The girl is given an aphrodisiac so she will sleep with Henry. Way too much smut for a teen novel, but it's Harlequin so I guess that should be expected.",
Probably a good book,Ordered the wrong language by mistake but it looks like it’s an awesome book. Just wish I could read it.,
It was more or less a magazine about food. No earth shattering news. I was hoping for more.,Not worth it. Nothing more then other magazines write about nutrition.,
Didn't Work For Me,"Oh dear. I just didn't like this book AT ALL. I know that many bloggers (including my beloved Sandy) are Koryta fans, but this book didn't do anything for me. The basic story is that a troubled ex-filmmaker (whose Hollywood career is over and who now makes a living making memorial films for funerals) is hired to make a documentary about an eccentric old billionaire. Unlike most of his subjects, the only material he has to work with are a tiny bottle of water and the name of his subject's hometown. located near French Lick, Indiana. When he travels to West Baden Resort (a real place ... see Sandy's post for more about it) to research his subject, strange things start to happen and long-buried secrets start to surface. I suspect that Koryta is trying to do Stephen King-type thing here, but it just didn't work. To pull off a good horror story (especially one with supernatural elements), you have to scare the reader rather than make them roll their eyes. Sadly, I was rolling my eyes all over the place and almost quit reading several times. (The only reason I kept on was because I kept thinking ""Surely this is going to get better at some point."") Although part of the problem was that I read this book directly after the masterful Broken Harbor, I'm still not sure I would have liked this book even if I'd read it after something mediocre.",
Started out really good.....,"This book starts off good; but it goes downhill pretty fast.  The first few chapters are a thought provoking examination of how man's evolutionary path has left him somewhat out of place in the modern world.  The author makes a number of good points, though they tend to be a bit unsupported.  However, within a few chapters this book deteriorates into an irrelevant, paranoid diatribe, riddled with typographical errors, against the &#34;globalists&#34; and the &#34;feminists.&#34;  Frankly, the closing chapters are little more than an undisciplined rant and they detracted from the book's credibility.",
Doesn't work well with the Kindle.,"This graphic novel doesn't work well with the Kindle.  It jumps to the last page and would not allow us to get to the first page. Ok, it's only $1.99 but still...",$
perhaps...,this would be a more profound work if the author had shown an insight into the quandary faced by all those in this totalitarian society. It is unsympathetic in its portrayal excepting  the personal history of the author.,
"Good in debunking the myth behind millionaires, but...","It was interesting to learn that the people with high net worth were not generally those who look that way -- according to the surveys the authors conducted, wealthy people were most often those who didn't appear wealthy. The secret of their high net worth, the authors contend, is that they are PAWs (""Prodigious Accumulators of Wealth""), or in other words frugal, those who save or invest a much higher percentage of their income compared to the rate they consume. The authors even go ahead to redefine what it is to be wealthy. Congruent to the results of their study, ""wealthy"" people are exactly those who continue to accumulate no matter what their income, and are not those who currently possess much but do not accumulate. Though simple at first sight, I found their new definition to be useful, and this much I can say that I have gained from the book...However the lesson I mentioned I learnt is just about everything the book offers. There is no so to say royal way to make money other than being frugal, evading tax as much as one can, and allocating as much time and energy to financial planning as possible, the authors claim. Perhaps this is the reason why the second chapters on appear redundant. The car example the authors quote repeatedly throughout the book is typical in this regard. It was indeed interesting to learn that the Ford pickup model was the most popular (and not some conspicuous foreign made high performance car) among the millionaires surveyed, but calculating the cost per pound of a good fraction of the cars currently available in the market? The very first time the authors wrote about ""you aren't what you drive,"" I got the message. It would have been much more educational if the authors instead included a study on the distribution of the industries those millionaires worked in (there is a such list at the end of the book, but no distribution statistics)...Speaking of examples, I found some statistical results curious. For instance, in a early chapter of the book where the authors present a study on the ancestry groups of the millionaires surveyed (to ultimately claim that millionaires are mostly self-made) I could not find data for Afro Americans, Hispanics, or Asians. It is plausible that these ethnic groups (representing 28%+ of US population as of 2000) were not included because they did not have high percentage of millionaires per ethnic household and the table presented contained only the top ten in this measure. But recent studies of net worth stratified by ethnicity (for e.g. studies by L. Hao of Johns Hopkins Univ.) indicate Asian immigrants having higher median net worth compared to other US immigrant ethnic groups including Whites. Could it be that the majority of Asians are UAWs (the opposite of PAWs -- ""Under Accumulators of Wealth"")? As for a glaring omission. The authors assert that an overwhelming majority of millionaires they surveyed were self-employed. This much I am able to believe in good faith. But what exactly is the ratio between self-employed and not (for e.g. physicians, lawyers, engineers etc)? Wouldn't this ratio be more meaningful than including the types of credit cards those millionaires hold?..The strength of this book compared to others in the same category is in that the authors conducted real field work. Some results were revealing, but as noted earlier, many of them were redundant. It would be interesting to read a volume on the same subject that does not try too hard to appeal to the general public.",+
Don’t try this if you’re in any way new to sodoku.,"Seriously some instructions would be nice. I looked at this thing and tried reverse engineering with the solutions but I do these things to relax. I thought it would be themed somehow but when it says killer sodoku it means whoever is doing it is likely to kill you if you distract them. An exaggeration of course, but not for a newbie for sure.",
What a waste of money!!,I paid over $9 for this book for my Kindle and I can not say how unhappy I am with it.  I loved the series and I am a die hard Sookie book fan but this book was the biggest rip off I have had in a long time.  It was definitely not worth the money paid and it lacked any imagination that I have experienced from this author in previous books.  I could have come up with a better 'What Came Next' or should I say my 7 yr old granddaughter could have too.  I have never written a bad review before but this was worse than dribble and I feel so cheated and feel like I just threw away good money.  I do not recommend this book for ANYONE!!  Anybody that has read the Sookie books could come up with their own version for themselves and be happier with it and would not have to waste the money that they want for this dribble.  I am so disappointed that I just want to scream.  I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!!!!,$
Disappointed,This was more of a political book instead of one about Bama Football. The author tries to be Hunter S Thompson but it falls flat. Got this as a Christmas gift from my son and will be returning it.  Way too political.,
"Beware the date of this book, written before serious fraud in evidence collection and analysis was proven to be fabricated","Disregard the stars - I haven't read this book and I'm not rating the book, I'm writing to alert readers of it to pay attention to its being written in 2005...I just finished watching the updated, complete 13 chapters of new documentary, and when I see a book about the case written in 2005, it seems important that any readers of this book know the evidence presented in court in 2003 and on which the trial's verdict was based was proven in 2011 to be completely tainted by a prosecution &#34;expert&#34; named Deaver who fabricated and lied both about himself as expert and the blood and other evidence in this case. He based his claims and his theory of Michael's guilt on supposed &#34;lab experiments&#34; that were completely invalid and unreliable, preposterous violations of even the concept of &#34;experiment.&#34;..So whatever this book persuades a reader to believe, it by definition has to be based at least in very large part on 'evidence' as of 2005 that is no longer valid evidence.",
Still havent received book.,"Two months and still haven't received the book.  Is this a real book?  I see no one else got it either,",
Unhappy with book,Book cover is bent. Some pages are dog earred. Many pages have text that is highlighted.  Not worth the money spent on the book. Very disappointed. I have purchased used books in much better condition.,
Massive book,1st chapter was so boring I put the book aside and will likely never read it.,
A complete waste of time,A bitter son with an obvious axe to grind has written a book filled with  utter nonsense. One need only read the Epilogue to know where the author is coming from. I'm actually ashamed of myself for bothering to finish it.,
ook thought it would be a little better,"FFound about 3 things out of it,they were good though and the family enjoyed them I got it out and used a couple pages for TP and the book works for that too",
"Somewhat enjoyable,","I did get into it somewhat in spite of the token married gay couples, sobbing men with tear-filled eyes at every turn, and the rather unlikely romance between the “unbelievably handsome”hero and the 40-ish bespectacled plump heroine.  I could not quite envision the chemistry they were trying to sell  Okay, but the  blatant progressive propagandizing got in the way.  I may try another by this author to see if that is the common thread.  If so, not interested.",
Trite,"Wish I had read all of the reviews before I bought this book!  The author's writing style is not well developed, though the germ of a good story is in there.  Unfortunately, this book was at times too far fetched and at times too predictable.",
Bad print,"This book is a joke. No wonder the price was low. It’s a reprint in reduced size with tiny blurred characters, but that’s not the point. Look at my pictures: there are a bunch of random blank pages, and the images are totally blurred and illegible. I don’t know how I’m supposed to read it.",
it seems this book is best suited for the 15-21 year olds,"As another reviewer pointed out, it seems this book is best suited for the 15-21 year olds.  I myself was disappointed- I didn't find anything in this book that I didn't already know.  Maybe I needed to read the description a bit better, but when I saw &#34;MAKE UP&#34; in the title, I assumed this would be most of the content in the book.  But there's info on how to dress, how to go prepare for a job interview..Very,very basic stuff.  There's even a line from the book that says something like, 'The barrel of the curling iron is the part that heats up and curls the hair.'  What female doesn't already know that??  Again, the younger females may appreciate this, but this was info that I don't need.  So for me, this was a waste of money.",
Hey Brice!  Why Didn't You Consider Editing the Recipes?,"After I received this book I began reading through the recipes to decide which ones I would start out with.  In several I found incomplete steps, recipes that included an ingredient that never made it to the dish and misspelling throughout.  How could I have confidence in anything in this book?  A total waste of money!",
Very Disappointing,"I don't mind a curmudgeonly main character, but Morse has absolutely zero charm. On top of being arrogant and lecherous, he completely marginalizes Lewis. He holds back information from him, and pretty much treats him like a lowly constable. The mystery was not compelling and the investigation was not fast paced or treated with urgency. In fact it was tedious and boring. The characters were unsympathetic and at the end Morse reveals all the facts in a long narration. Characters were mentioned that I couldn't even remember meeting: Who the hell was Palmer? Why do we need details on the porn addict who is totally irrelevant? I really expected more.",
Not about flowers,Not a book about tulips about the journey the author took with her mother while dying from a terminal disease.,
Only 3 out of 5 Stars,Only a decent read.  Not enough action nor twists.,
Pulitzer Prize? NO!,"Historical is facts. Fiction must be made believable. Mr. Whitehead falls way short. The logistics involved , to build a physical rail, undergrond. and keep secret? Digging a hole , large enough for locomotive to pass through, engines, a factory the size of G.E  for manufacturing steel. Or am I suppose, the local blacksmith put this gig together? NO! Cora is the only colorful characterter, in her dash to freeddom. The book , is like a alot of talking and very little fulfilment. And not Believable.",
Grim and not interesting,"I went as far into this book as I could bear (a few chapters) before I thumbed ahead portion by portion to see if it experienced a change where it became more compelling. IT never did. I did not enjoy this book at all, and I'm not going to be generous and round it up because it is grim and, therefore, should be considered worthy of a cushion.",
"Total disappointment. Every Page, all 4 books, perforated horizontally across pictures!",[[VIDEOID:72be9f0c58e1678527e0f27a5501a79f]] I loved this concept and ordered all four books. It took them a week to get here. I was so excited when they arrived. Total disappointment. Every single page in all four books is perforated horizontally through the text and pictures. There's no vertical perforation down the inside binding to remove the pages. Just the one that runs across the entire page ruining the picture. If it were just one page or even one book I'd say mistakes happen. But every page?! All four books?! Worst of all ... I shared the link on Facebook when I found these and now I feel bad for anyone that ordered them because I posted about how fun they looked. I'm going to delete my post before anyone else makes the mistake of ordering these.,
All Linen Knits,"I found this book useless. All patterns were for linen yarn (they will take forever) and, sorry Norah, but they're pretty ugly and shapeless. I'm glad I took this out at my local library first before purchasing. There wasn't one garment I wanted to knit.",
Not very entertaining,My son did not like this book and neither did I. It was not very entertaining. The Gist of it is a snail tours the world on a whales tail until the whale gets beached. Then he somehow find a classroom to leave a snail trail of save the whale on the board. Which makes everyone save the beached whale.,
Bad paperback,"The paperback with the woman in a red dress on the cover is a very poor quality print - looks like a knock-off. Tiny text with huge margins. The copy on the back cover appears to be from another edition of this book, but rearranged by someone who is not a fluent English speaker.",
use your money else where,Dont recommend. They only let you view the videos if you have a premium membership..The workbooks are frustrating and confusing. Their customer service is terrible.,
No.,"This book isn't good. You can tell it's from a &#34;writer&#34; with no experience. There's way too much detail that just ruins the storyline. &#34;I melted in the sun like a cheap 99 cent Mcdonalds ice cream cone&#34;. Did I really know to know that the ice cream cone is cheap, 99 cents, or from Mcdonalds? It's like she was struggling to fill a word count a threw in every descriptive word she could think of.",
long and laborious...,"I had a hard time getting through this book. While the story sounded fascinating, the endless details seemed to drag on and dragged the story down. Cyber crimes and the prosection of those cyber criminals make for an interesting story and book. But good writing is of the essence that seems to be missing here.",
Needs an Editor,"Some of the characters are interesting, but I wish they were less cliche, more relatable. The biggest problem I have, though, is the awful editing. It's not just spelling and grammer. Too many sentences appear as if a rewrite changed them, leaving parts of the old and new sentences jumbled together. It's distracting for the reader.",
"10% practical, 30% motivational, and 60% sales pitch","Ben Glass makes no bones about his love for Direct Response Marketing (DRM), so maybe it should have come as no surprise that this book is essentially just a glorified newsletter for his DRM program, Great Legal Marketing. Kudos to him for making a little cash off something that most would give away as a PDF in exchange for an email address...I can't, in good faith, recommend that anyone buy this book. But, if you are seriously considering it, keep the following in mind:..1. Unless you just have a personal interest in the author's childhood, career as a soccer referee, and experience adopting Chinese children, skip to Chapter 7...2. Do not expect epiphany. The non-fluff material is mostly elementary business motivation. ""Don't be afraid to fail,"" and ""Have a clear mission statement,"" and all of that standard self-help fare...3. Do not expect much practical advice as an attorney. There is some peppered throughout, especially in Chapter 7 and beyond, but most of it is delivered in abridged fashion with the not-so-implicit pitch being ""Sign up for a $200/month DRM course to learn more!""..It is really disappointing to know that the legal industry has been infiltrated by this brand of shallow, disingenuous marketing. Feels like something better-suited for realtors or MLM sellers...Books like this are why Foonberg's 40-year-old treatise is still the gold-standard for solo attorneys. Buy it instead.",$
3.5 Stars for me,"As much as I respect the books about Vietnam, and the authors that wrote these books, there is definitely a hierarchy to be noticed. I went for a couple of months, and bought all the $7.99+ books I could find in Amazon. I realized that these books offered a lot of bang for the buck (no pun intended). I read powerhouses like ""The Cat from Hue"", that basically blew me away with how many pages it was, and how incredibly good of a read it was. Dispatches, Chickenhawk by Robert Mason, and so many others, I do not think I can take the time to recollect, or even remember. Needless to say, without any disrespect intended, some are better than others. Better story line, better dialogue, something about the great ones that one knows they are in for a powerful read..Acceptable Loss: An Infantry Soldier's Perspective was a decent book. For some reason the author did not win me over. At times he sounded way too sure of himself, and after reading how many different kind of stars he won, Purple Heart here, Silver Star, Bronze Star, it started sounding like this guy was like GI Joe, or something. Medals galore, that is for sure, and there is nothing wrong with that, there is no way I am going to suggest that the bravery, courage, etc. were not present in order to receive such serious and distinguished commendations, because I have no reason to doubt it..The book is an average read as far as entertainment value is concerned. There is only so much I wanted to read after a while, and probably pages were skipped. 3.5 Stars.",$+
It’s Okay,"It’s in OK book, but it wasn’t the type of book I was looking for to help me improve in my drawings. It just shows pictures of art, but it’s not how I visioned it.",
One Star,Do not care for this author,
Fast shipping,I'm giving this 3 stars due to the story on the CD being outdated,
"Disappointingly shallow characters, but then, I'm ruined for YA Fantasy","You know how there's amazing adult-end YA and more shallow, middle-grade-end YA? This is the latter. It's...ok? Mostly it's shallow. The bad guy is slimy with no reason behind his mustache twirling, the brooding prince is brooding, and the best friends are easily chucked aside by a girl who loves books but displays a startling lack of analytical thinking...It's the usual Chosen One trope, with not a lot explained about the magic because (of course) she's the first Windwalker in over a century. There's a not-too-subtle indication that her powers will be eased for eeeeeevil (read: killing, in a war of empire-building in which her kingdom is the aggressor). There's the predictable backlash of scared ignorant peasant folk when it comes to the use of magic. And there's the girl who captures the prince's heart by being...I'm not sure what. Obnoxious, but curious...I think reading Uprooted has ruined me for YA Fantasy. I'm sure there's nothing wrong with Air Awakens, it just bored the heck out of me and felt very shallow. Clearly, my bar has been raised. I'd say this is a good read for 14-18 year olds who enjoy fantasy.",
choppy writing detracts from story,"Matthew Alcott had come from a prominent Mormon family in Salt Lake City.  Previously  married to the daughter of the stake president, he had been working as a historian in the archives of the L. D. S. church.  ""Took me three years to realize I was there to find and catalogue, nothing else.  I find it.  They hide it."" (223).But he found something they were not able to hide.  He discovered the last revelation of Joseph Smith.  It was written the last day of his life, June 27, 1844.  It had been hidden by Brigham Young under the cover leaf of one of his personal journals..Smith had said that the ability to understand truth was inherited only by the male.  Only men had the genetic tissues of right thinking.  (224)  The revelation promoted polygamy.  ""Monogamy was the devil at work..."" (224).Matthew is determined to write a book, an expose.  His marriage was over and he was being kicked out of the church.  Much of the novel is what happens to Matthew after he left Salt Lake City with the incriminating evidence...As with any novel, it is hard to know how much Oborn has written is based on fact and how much of conjecture.  Of Joseph Smith, he writes, ""Between 1841 and 1844 the guy manages to marry on average one a month.  Can you imagine?  We're talking 'busy.'  Some of those ladies had living husbands and children..."" (167)  Even with the federal cease and desist order in 1887, the polygamists went underground, Osborn writes.  One historian estimates fifty thousand descendants alive today from the polygamous marriages performed underground between 1890 and 1906...This is a roughly written novel.  Much of the dialog lacks verbs or pronouns.  About the Book of Mormon: ""Get a copy...skim the book.  Reading it, far too tedious."" (169)  Elsewhere, Oborn starts a new paragraph, ""Had called little brother from his editor's office."" (174)  I found the style of writing very disconcerting and hard to understand...The action jumps back in forth in time, too.  It is the present, then four years before, then the present, then childhood, then present - all in a few pages.  It made following the story more difficult, I thought...Also, there is language as well as scenes that would make this book not suitable for Christian readers, in general...Oborn says he wrote this book to entertain people with the women's issues playing a heavy subtext.  I found the book too difficult to read just not well crafted enough to enjoy it...I received a complimentary copy of this book from the author for the purpose of this review.",
He seemed to enjoy it.,"Bought this book for a wee one who is just learning about Christmas.  It was okay.  I thought it could have contained more info but, then maybe I haven't been around little ones very much.  He seemed to enjoy it.",
"Not as advertised, but functions","A bit more beat up than the seller indicated, the cover is bent up, there is writing on most of the pages, and the cd has scratches, so a bit disappointed as I could have purchased it new for almost the same price- but it functions. So that is accurate.",
Not her usual caliber,"This book was a long slog to finish. I almost gave it up and I have to say it probably wasn’t worth it. I felt that the pacing was SO slow;  the character of the son was too one-dimensional; and the ending just did not ring true. I have liked most of this author’s previous books very much, but this one did not work for me at all.",
Pancakes,I've tried a number of the recipes and they have not been an improvement over the ones I'm already using.,
Sad,It's no wonder black men rule nothing. all they waste they time doing is hating black women while other race of men build for their families.,
Disappointed,"Classic Wisdom for the Professional Life was a short read.  The book took me less than 24 hours to wade my way through the various quotes.  I found some of the quotes good, but questioned when these would be practical.  For a pastor like me I have very few needs from a ""professional life"" quote book.  In fact, other than framing some of these and putting them on the wall, or being a gift book for an MBA graduate, I'm not sure why this book was published.  If you're the kind of person who gets motivated simply by reading a quote book, then it's probably right up your alley...The other major negative about this book was that it was priced at $15.99 retail. Holy cow!  I'm not sure who would spent 16 bucks on a book that takes a few hours to read, but if they have that much money they probably don't need some ""professional life"" wisdom.  I gladly read the book, and I am extremely grateful for the opportunity to receive a reader's copy for no charge, but I have a hard time recommending this book to anyone.  If you're really interested in it, I'd recommend checking it out at a library...According to the law I have to tell you that I received a free readers copy from Thomas Nelson, but that had nothing to do with my like/dislike of the book.",$
No intro. licks,"No intro. licks which defines the Beachboy sound--how can one do Fun,Fun, Fun without the intro!!",
Boring.  Stupid,"I plowed through this only because, recovering from surgery, for two long, long days I had nothing else.  How it gets so many positive reviews escapes me completely.  A stylistic mashup of Larry Correa and the worst features of Sarah Hoyt, heavily larded with some sort of galactic mysticism and teenage video fantasy games.  Suspension of disbelief impossible.  To be honest, I finally threw it in the bin about 100-150 pages from the end.  Just couldn't take any more.",
Little Help?,"Reading ""How Not to Write Bad"" by Ben Yagoda is an experience similar to hearing a recording of your voice on a tape recorder for the first time. *Gaaak!* That's how I sound?  *Aaargh!* I've been writing incorrect English all these years?..If only I had a handbook on proper writing to help me mend my errant ways...It happens that I have several, and this one is no better than the rest. This book's utility evaporates once you discover a that it lacks an index.  Let's say that you are confused by the most common mistake in grammar: when to use *lay* and when to use *lie.* Nobody gets that right: I've had M.D.s tell me to *lay* down on the examination table.  ""Now I lay me down to sleep?"" [[ASIN:0394702549 As I Lay Dying]]? I laid in bed all morning? I'm lying there now? -- Help!  As far as I can tell, the only way to find the answer to this in ""How Not to Write Bad"" is to read the entire book, then dog-ear (dogear - Yagoda doesn't like hyphens) the page for future reference. I now have about twenty different pages so mutilated,..The table of contents is of no use because of Professor Yagoda's fondness for using cutesie titles:. 1. Sanitized. 2. Skunked. 3. Still Wrong. 7. When You Catch a Preposition, Kill It. 8. To Use to Be or Not to Use to Be. 9. What the Meaning of ""Is Is"" Is..Professor Yagoda does mention the lay/lie quandary, but he only devotes one short and inadequate paragraph to it, after which he maintains that that one should say, ""The Count Basie band really swang!""  No one but an English professor ever spoke such a sentence. Even [[ASIN:B000TYXYAU my 1942 Dictionary]] lists *swang* as archaic.  He spends more time quoting mistakes from the papers of his students and putting screamingly unfunny titles above them...Professor Yagoda is also really persnickety -- but not where it counts. In contrast to his minimal explanation of lie/lay, he spends an entire page explaining that when you abbreviate 1960s (which he wisely observes has no apostrophe) to '60s, the apostrophe appears backwards in Microsoft Word. (I'm using [[ASIN:B00009L1HV AppleWorks 6.2.9]], so I'm not having that problem.)  He then provides detailed instructions for turning the single-quote mark into a comma. If you think that's the stupidest thing you ever heard of (I mean, who cares?), Professor Yagoda, starting a sentence with a conjunction, disagrees: ""But to me it counts as bad writing.""..He's obsessive-compulsive about that, but he neglects to mention other knotty problems with apostrophes. I agree with him (and so does the [[ASIN:B0011A5XAA The Associated Press Stylebook]]) that the '60s should have no apostrophe before the s. (Harry Shaw in [[ASIN:B004QOAD4E Punctuate It Right]] disagrees and advises putting an apostrophe before the s, and so does [[ASIN:B000FTAB3W Warriner's English Grammar and Composition]]. I can't find any mention of this in [[ASIN:0205313426 Strunk & White]].)  How is it then, that Professor Yagoda provides no advice on including apostrophes in the following sentences?.§ All players with 3's on their uniforms form a line here..§ Mississippi is spelled with four s's, four i's, and two p's..§ Count the number of and's in that paragraph...To find out what to do, you'll have to purchase a better book. The same is true of the problem of when to use *whom* instead of *who*.  Only one sentence is devoted to it. *Who?* He commands us to use asterisks in place of italics when only ASCII is available, but neglects to inform us if the final asterisk is placed inside or outside the punctuation...Professor Yagoda stands steadfast against against neologisms to the point that he warns against what he calls ""epicene pronouns,"" which I think are just fine, and he marks the following perfectly-good sentence incorrect: ""Arcade Fire and about 20,000 of their fans turned the PNC Center into a raucous party Thursday night.""  Surely (he advises against using ""surely"") you've winced when some enlightened author uses *she* as a pronoun for a hypothetical hedge-fund manager or bomber pilot. Now that we have come to accept women as being more-or-less equal to men, there is an aching need in the language for a gender-neutral third-person personal pronoun, but still, Professor Yagoda admonishes, ""They're not acceptable now.""..Very well, but then, in his list of wrong words (pg.62), he advises against using *affect* instead of *impact*!  *Impact* as a verb! *Impact* as a synonym for *effect*!  >Impact!&lt; IMPACT! (Sloooowly I turned. . . . Step by step. . . . Inch by inch.. . .  ) The worst neologism to beset the poor language during our lifetime, and he embraces it !!?!  The scoundrel!..Likewise, he says nothing about using ""utilize"" or ""usage"" in place of good-old simple ""use.""  This is the worst murrain ever to have infested the language, and [[ASIN:B000ULXV4G Fowler's]] says of it, ""Those who write *usage* or *user* when they mean no more than *use* must be presumed to do so for one of two bad reasons: that they prefer either the longer word to the shorter or the unusual word to the common.""  Professor Yagoda is very stern about not using multiple exclamation points, but he ignores ""utilize.""  And you gonna >obey&lt; this guy?  (Since reading the latest novel by Tom Wolfe, I have decided that using the more-than and less-than symbols are a more effective way of emphasizing a word than *asterisks* in ASCII.  I make-up my own rules.)..I began to think poorly of this book during the tedious introduction, when it became painfully obvious that Professor Yagoda writes like an English teacher. He makes-up all these rules then proceeds to violate each of them. He warns that ALL CAPS  is never an acceptable means of showing emphasis, but on page 69 he shouts, DO NOT RELY ON SPELL-CHECK.  I'm fond of beginning a sentence with the rhetorical use of ""Perhaps"", but on page 116 Professor Yagoda rules against ""perhaps"" in favor of ""maybe,"" because ""Lengthy is [not] desirable; short is good.""..O.k. (he doesn't discuss OK), so if the shorter word is better, why's he using ""cogitation"" instead of ""thought"" in the run-on sentence on page 135: ""Usually, a writer uses a word twice because no alternative is self-evident or, sometimes, conceivable after what seems like a lengthy period of cogitation.""..Professor Yagoda instructs us not to employ . . . uh . . . tells us not to use clich&eacute;s, but on page 84, he uses both ""gets a clean bill of health"" and ""for all intents and purposes.""  I can forgive the first because it sounds quaint (just what is a ""clean bill of health"" anyway? Obamacare?), but ""for all intents and purposes"" is nothing more than stock filler. Kids are mocked for littering sentences with ""like"" or ""y'know,"" but ""for all intents and purposes"" gets a clean bill of health, because it seems, like, sophisticated...He repeatedly cautions against using redundancies, but on page 128, he writes, "" . . . different people will have different notions on where a particular phrase lies at a particular point in time."" The ghastly redundancy ""at this point in time"" sprouted like a wart (in Washington, as does most damage to the language) during the Watergate hearings, and I thought it went out with H. R. Haldeman, but apparently it still sounds highly elegant to the ears of Professor Yagoda...Throughout the book, he speaks of the importance of having a good ear for what constitutes good writing, and this is true. It also illustrates why such cardinal rules as putting the comma to the left of the quotation marks and the semicolon to the right are, in reality, trivial and silly compared with the writer's ability to communicate or report in an unambiguous and entertaining manner...Alas, by about page ten it becomes obvious that Professor Yagoda has a tin ear. How else can you explain his correcting a perfectly good sentence with this result: ""In a flurry we grabbed some plastic containers filled with sprouts and kimchi. The damages were $12.75.""..""The damages were . . .""?  That's something my late father would think was clever. (He also was fond of saying, ""Everything's copacetic."")  On page 11 we find, ""I have scrawled it many times: comma splices, like the dude in [[ASIN:B00181JGI2 The Big Lebowski]], abide."" (I added the link in case you are not familiar with >The Dude.&lt;)  What is the purpose of joining the two sentences with a colon, thus creating ambiguity as to what he scrawled?..Despite these shortcomings, and despite that he doesn't discuss the more arcane details of possessives and other baffling aspects which make English the most miserable language in the galaxy, the book does contain some useful suggestions. The section about unnecessary commas was an eye opener, and I realized that I had been making that mistake as well as several others. One's writing can always be improved, and I give the book a tentative recommendation for that reason. But because of the fatal lack of an index, the book is of little help for the person who is stuck in mid-sentence and is reaching for a handy guide to provide a quick solution. For that I recommend [[ASIN:1594488908 Woe Is I]] by Patricia T. O'Conner.  It's twice the book with twice the information.",>>$>
proof that a great author can write a crappy book,This is the only book by Guy Gavriel Kay that I could not stomach. Evertthing else I've read from him has been great!,
Reads like a poorly thought out term paper,"This to me reads like a poorly written, and unsubstantiated term paper by an undergrad. I believe the author meant well, but I can't invest any belief in what he's saying.",
"A first rate story, poorly written","The story of D.B. Cooper and his hijacking of a Northwest Orient jetliner just before Thanksgiving 1971 is the stuff of legends, especially in the Northwest and among many individuals that are fascinated with such crimes and the individuals that commit them. The fact that neither Cooper nor the bulk of the $200,000 he received from the airline have ever been found makes this one of those stories stranger than fiction..I requested this book because it has now been some 40 years since the hijacking and still no Cooper or the money and I thought perhaps given that the author had exclusive access to FBI files and documents that at the least this book would bring me up to date on the status of this remarkable story. No such luck. This is really a gossip sheet and is very amateurish at best. The author brings characters into the story without any background on why they are there and when he does explain their importance it is due to some information he received from someone else and in the end many do not significantly contribute to the book in any meaningful way. The sentences are almost childish in their composition and many are 3-4 words long. There is no real analysis of what the author finds during his efforts to locate Cooper or what the significance of his findings really are. The notes section at the end of the book should be an embarrassment to the author and publisher and the bibliography is nonexistent..This subject deserves a balanced, objective look at the hijacking and myriad of developments in the search for Cooper and the money over the past 40 years. The cast of characters alone involved in the search would make for wonderful reading. Unfortunately this is not the book that will accomplish that goal. Not even close..I suspect one could get most if not all the information in this book on the Web and for a lot less money. This is not worth the readers time.",$
Disappointed,"After all the reviews, it sounded wonderful.  However, when we read it to our 3 year old granddaughter, no one, including her, even smiled, much less laughed.  It just bombed....",
Three Stars,It's really good book.,
Written instructions only. Why no charts?,"I find stitch dictionaries that provide both charts and written instructions more helpful in understanding and integrating interesting design elements or textures in my basic knitting projects.  If I have to do without, I'll turn to Barbara Walker's volumes not this Vogue series. Based on volume one, this isn't worth the shelf space for me.",
Okay if you have a few hours to kill,"Death Unmasked.By: Rick Sulik..Detective Sean Jamison, months—maybe weeks—away from retirement from the Houston Police Dept., suddenly realizes he’s lived before, perhaps many times. While he works toward solving what he hopes will be his last case in THIS life (a serial killer murdering women in Houston), he’s also looking for the love of his LAST life, a woman raped and killed by a Nazi officer...It’s confusing; I know. Yet, the idea of reincarnation mixed with a modern-day murder mystery was intriguing to me. So, I bought the book..First, let me tell you what I liked most about it:..(1) Mr. Sulik’s story is very imaginative and unique. It is basically a cop/killer mystery with an added twist of re-incarnated lovers finding one another in this life after tragically losing each other in a past life. The story is both horrifying and frightening AND romantic and sweet all at the same time. I’ve never read anything like it...(2) Mr. Sulik DOES have talent. When he paints the pictures of the WHAT, WHEN, WHERE, WHY and HOW details of the story they are sharply and artistically drawn...(3) Most of Mr. Sulik’s characters (Det. Jamison and his co-workers for example) are honorable, witty and likeable...Now, let me tell you what I had trouble with:..(1) On his way to work one morning, Det. Jamison suffers a blinding headache, pulls over to the side of the road, almost passes out and then—OUT OF THE BLUE—suddenly realizes he has been reincarnated. Not only that, he also instantly becomes aware that his lady love from his last life has also been reincarnated AND lives somewhere in his same city of Houston. He must find her at all cost..a. Uh… huh? Do those kinds of realizations always hit a person so suddenly and so completely, so cleanly without warning? Without a psychic reading? Without a magician’s hypnosis act gone wrong? Something…..I don’t mean to sound so sarcastic. Truly. I just found the suddenness of the revelation—and the fully realized history of it—to be a little…unbelievable...(2) I also had trouble with Mr. Sulik’s writing style when it came to conversations between characters. Their speech was always stilted, unnatural and the rhythm was all wrong. No one speaks the way these characters do. Words, phrases…they either didn’t fit the situation, the character or the time. Occasionally these Houston TEXAS detectives sounded more like Brooklyn beat cops, Boston gang members or Montagues and Capulets.  NONE of the conversations seemed realistic to me. Every time I came across a tête-à-tête I was pulled so thoroughly from the story that I had to force myself to continue...(3) There is a smaller side story in which one of the lesser characters falls in love with another in an afternoon after knowing this man for years. She falls so completely and so hard… and so quickly…well, it was just so implausible. And, in my own humble opinion, it was an unnecessary “twist”. It really served no purpose...(4) Lastly, in the last few chapters of the book, the story becomes very …convoluted and just plain odd. Not only is Jamison re-incarnated along with his past-life mate and one or two others; one of the other detectives suddenly begins remote-viewing the killer and no one is surprised or taken aback in any way. Another detective suddenly realizes he knows the whole recent and past-life history of the killer—because of course, he too is paranormal. It just goes on and on…..Suddenly, toward the end of the book, DEATH UNMASKED becomes an un-authorized episode of X-Files—on Steroids! It’s just SO much, SO fast, SO…weird...The wrap up is so complicated and long-winded that it’s entirely unsatisfying and maddening...Here’s where it becomes complicated for me: As I was telling my husband all about this book over the breakfast table this morning I found myself defending it when he said, “I can’t believe you finished it. I would have just closed it and never picked it up again.”.“But, I kind of liked it!” I cried. That’s when I realized, right out of the blue (yes, I get the irony) that it wasn’t a bad book and I did indeed like some of it. I just think Mr. Sulik needs to work on his conversational writing skill. And, unfortunately, I think he went off the rails a little bit toward the end...BUT…it’s a book with a great plot and a unique twist. I kind of liked it. Other readers may love it...Just know going in that it is a book with issues.",
Decent sequel,"I feel a certain loyalty to Harriet, since the original Harriet the Spy was one of my favorite books as a kid. I had my doubts about the two sequels, each written by different authors after Louis Fitzhugh's too-soon death, but both did a fairly good job of staying true to the spirit of Harriet...Harriet the Spy Double Agent, is a bit better than Harriet spies Again, because Harriet is more her old note-taking self and spends more time talking to Sport, who himself is going through his own turmoil what with his dad's new wife, being in love, and sprouting a few facial hairs. Double Agent also hints (maybe as a tribute to Fitzhugh?) at Harriet's budding sexuality as she discovers and ruminates about her own feelings about Sport, Ole Golly, and her new intriguing friend and spy partner, Annie Smith, who has created three names and personalities for herself and has a few secrets of her own...Harriet Spies Again (which comes before Double Agent, if you want to read them in order) feels a little empty, as there is very little spying, note taking or interaction with Harriet's friends, and the whole Ole Golly reunion falls kind of flat. Also, it may have been less obvious what was going on with Ole Golly to a younger reader, but to me it was pretty predictable...Missing from both books is Fitzhugh's wry wit, but these sequels are worth a read if, as a now-grown adult fan, you can ignore that feeling that you're visiting a ghost. It's nice, but leaves you feeling a tiny bit melancholy.",
Otherwise very good book.,Kept my attention but why do authors think it is necessary to have people having sex outside of marriage? I would have preferred to not read about the sex act. Otherwise very good book.,
Bad Karma,"Warning Book Spoiler below..It's obvious this author cares only about cranking out a book and not about the quality of the book.  This book was terrible.  It is true, however, that U.S. citizens have been going to India for the last 10 years for needed medical surgeries AND for cosmetic surgeries because of high USA medical costs and in the future under ObamaCare, India, South Africa (big cosmetic surgery country) and several other countries will take the USA medical industry just as other countries already took the USA's auto/TV/everything manufactured industry.  Under Obama, even the USA space program is gone - went to Russia and China...There is ONE sentence in the whole book that describes India. page 424  Jennifer and Veena are in a VERY BAD slum area and see infants, toddlers, etc. living in total squalor, rickety and impermanent shelters.  Jennifer asks Veen ""When you see this, doesn't it make you sad?"".  Veena answers"" No.  It's their karma.""..Veena CONDONES the India caste system (per-determined by birth status in society) and disdainfully dismisses these ""lower class"" people forced to live in wretched poverty with ZERO hope of becoming anything better because if a family cleans sewers or whatever NO ONE WILL EVER hire them to do anything else.  Yet, Veena wants to migrate to the USA where she can spread her caste crap...Maybe it was a different type of karma that punished Veena by having her be raped by her father for years.  I hope karma further punishes her by denying her a USA visa and she rots in hell for killing Jennifer's grandmother and gets her nursing license pulled so she can live in squalor...Note:  It is unrealistic that Jennifer would forgive Veena for killing her grandmother.  It wouldn't be fair to the grandmother if Veena did NOT go to jail and what about the other nurses who killed other patients in the exact same way.  Getting raped by her father is not a ""Get Out of Jail"" card or a ""Get a USA VISA"" for Veena.",
Three Stars,there were actually coffee rings on the front of this book when it arrived.,
Artwork Straight out of All Hail Megatron,"I rather expected a little higher quality from IDW Publishing. Paper is fairly light weight and images are all straight out of their &#34;All Hail Megatron&#34; arc.  Which is amazing, but I would have hoped for maybe some new art, or a little more variety. Also, image quality is a little grainy in some spots. Kinda comes off as a well-done bootleg, to be honest...That said, IDW's artwork never ceases to impress, and the images are well-selected and cropped.  Color fidelity is excellent...Overall conclusion: as a monster Transformers fan, I love it. Had I held it in my hands and observed it more closely before purchase, I might not have spent so much on it, though. Will probably wait on a 'deal' on next year's calendar.",
Watchers by Dean Koontz,"If you are fairly intelligent, you won't be very impressed by this book. As others have said, the characters are one-dimensional. The hero is too competent. Koontz is way too klutzy in writing about the hero's relationship with the woman--it will actually make you barf if you've ever known a few real women. The dog and the human stalker are by far the most interesting characters, and they are the reason why you may not be able to put the book down. Koontz does have the ability to make you want to keep reading, and that's why I rate this 2 stars instead of just 1. The story has good flow, but the ending is truly awful: It's way too brief and unsatisfying, and it's far too predictable. What a shame. And I thought, ""this is it? talk about a banal plot!"" So an enraged baboon is on the loose--who cares? Even the title is stupid and undecipherable. The whole book is so underwhelming, except for the dog. The dog deserves a miniseries!",
It was just okay,"I love Michael Connelly books, but the Jack McEvoy series is just so-so. This book was drawn out for no particular reason and was actually a tough read.  I am hopeful that due to the ending it leads to a better direction and writing for the character.  I'll read anything he writes, but just like James Patterson's work the writing is getting tired.",
Not really exciting for little kids,"I really wanted to like this book, but it really is extremely technical and specific for kids. It really goes into the types of animals and how they live, so if that's what you're looking for it's great! But I was looking more for a book for little kids explaining the cloud forest and animals in a more fun way....",
Jenna? What happened?,"Right off the similes and metaphors start. And. They. Never. End. The premise of the story in intriguing...NYC family of four rent vacation home in the country...soon owners show up unannounced...there is a blackout in NYC and perhaps the surrounding areas...sound good? It isn't. Soon you are in the heads of these six characters - all are flawed and so unlikeable. Though 13 year old Rose has some redeeming traits.  Similes abound... Metaphors overflow...the world is changing...overthinking and over analyzing is what the characters do chapter after chapter ad nauseam...the only reason I finished listening to the audio book was to write this review and to definitely NOT recommend this book. Don't believe the magazine reviews. Don't believe the newspaper reviews. And, Jenna...what happened?  If this title is on your TBR list, mark it off. What a waste of time.",
Don't give her your money,She was  33 y.o. She knew ALL the things he had done. I do not feel sorry for these women over 30 who knowingly hooked up with a child molester! Stop giving this women your money and your sympathy! As a DJ his history came up time and time again. She just wanted to date someone famous! You don't get one shread of sympathy from me. While black women were trying to bring him to justice you were out chasing him but now you wanna play the victim! You get what you got!,
Didn't like it!,"I did not like this book. It is called ""Elementary"" statistics but does not provide elementary(SIMPLE) examples or steps to problems for those students who have never had statistics before. I personally think its a hard read. The definitions provided are fine but the math steps could be simpler. The student suite that came with it did not work in my computer( don't know why). I just wish I would have had a chance to see it Before purchasing. I still love Amazon though!..Thanks.",
This book is not a Spy novel. Extremely disappointing!,I wanted to like this but couldn’t! The only message that was repeated through the book was that Marie is a black female and therefore always mistreated. Neither the story nor the character ever developed. The author is obviously an academic and has no real knowledge of the Intel community practices.,
Paper quality -,Not good paper.,
Strangest book I've ever read!,"While the author sounds like just the nicest person in the world, this book was certainly not my favorite.  If it had stuck to one story and brought real depth to the characters, it could have been interesting.  But every character seemed so unbelievable to me.  I've not met anyone who would respond to life events in the manner these characters did.  Not believable at all!  And the whole female impersonator thing was so confusing.  By calling a man, she, you never knew for sure who they were talking about and who was speaking.  I did not think those characters were very well developed.  But the biggest thing that was jarring to me, was Holly, whom adored the kids next door, but with almost a blink of an eye, seemed to put them out of her life and she rarely seemed to interact with them after that.  That defies normal behavior.  I just found it a rather strange book...Having said that, it did hold my interest enough to want to know how it ended.  So I'll give her that.  But I can't honestly say I would spend my money on another book written by this author.",
Continual Issues and No Technical Support,"I purchased NVivo 12. I used it to Code interviews for a large project. Almost immediately, I started having issues saving files and getting error messages. I sent an email to QSR technical support and it took over a week to get a response. There is no support telephone number. I tried the various steps that technical support sent via email and it still did not fix the problem. I've since imported my project into Dedoose and am finally getting my research done. I seriously doubt I'll ever use NVivo again!",
Most are imaginary,"Blurry pics on which greens and tee boxes have been photoshopped.  In other words, BS.  Description seldom gives a location and Googling the name of the the course in the title of the hole comes up no results.  Sham.",
Three Stars,This seams to be a rehash of the other books.  Not sure it's real.,
meh,feel like people who read books like this are the people who talk about reading books like this. author will make a lot. nice job.,
Small,"Yes, it's a small book. I should. Have read the dimensions.  Would have been much nicer in a larger version.",
I think it was a good book just not one I would re-read as it ...,"Used this book for a presentation for one for my college classes for children's literature, I think it was a good book just not one I would re-read as it was just okay in my opinion.",
"Holly had a great ""vent"" re","Just an O&#62;K&#62; read, expected more.  Holly had a great &#34;vent&#34; re. Hef and Kendra; that's about it.",
Moves Slow,"Received this book as part of prime free reading, I found this book slow, Murder doesnt happen til Chapter 5 or 7. Usually in a good cozy murder happens at the end of Chapter 1...I also did not like the format, of Conversations in this book, someone says something then its filled in with filler story and 2 or more paragraghs later, we get the other persons response, in one instance it was 4 pages . Why not just have a conversation between two people, and only do long drawn out backstory a couple of times not everytime...I found if I just read the first line in the paragraph, I still understood everything, but I thought Author was too long winded for my taste, and wont be reading this author again, going on about details which were unnecessary, like constantly reminding us, Jenny was a “large” girl.",
It was okay,The story itself was interesting but I feel like it was dragged out and repetitive.  It had strong language because it’s based on a true story of a terrible woman.  It was okay.,
Sad end to the trilogy,Not one of his best. Part was interesting but too repetitive. He has written so many better books.,
Midnight Library.....,"it sounded interesting in theory, but it's kind of a dismal, sad book.  Repeat rinse repeat.  The main character gets a chance to relive parts of her life she thinks she may have missed, then that isn't what she wants so she goes into another life and then another and another.  After awhile, I failed to care if she found her ideal life......such a good premise",
Antiquated,"Recipes might be fine, but layout of the book makes them very difficult to read.",
5 Ingredients 1 disappointment.,Every single recipe I have done is a fail. Unfortunately Desi and Bobby should not approve these recipes. This was a waste of time and money. Each one I have made disappointed. Bummer since they keep suggesting these horrible recipes to other people. Another TIP LAMB STINKS SOOOOOOOOOO BAD.,
One Star,Horrible.  Propaganda,
A good source,"I started this book in the afternoon and couldn't put it down till it was almost dawn.  This being so, when I have extensively read the Qur'an and hadith sources on the topic, so I was familiar with the content.  Yet, I still learned additional cures for the evil eye, which was new knowledge for me...This is the third book I have read on the Jinns-which included a self-published one-and this came out on top.  It skims over topics, but covers the essentials, which is sufficient for the layman.  The belief of the author is sound and solid, and it is evident from his writings.  His book is extremely beneficial for a majority of Muslims-including the well educated ones-who are easily led astray when faced with this subject.  Many a Muslim is tricked by charlatans, who exploit the lack of sound faith and religious knowledge in the victims.  The author has put things in the right perspective.  My prior readings corroborate his statements...The book however, has 3 major shortcomings:.1.  There is a dire need for professional editing, from an experienced American editor.  There are too many repetitions, and the grammar needs polishing.  Darusalam distributes internationally, and its high time they learn and adopt international standards...2. The book lacks citations in about 30-40% of the content.  No statement, name, claim or phenomenon can be printed without a citation.  Refer to point #1...3.  There are a few weak hadith referenced here. This makes one question the author's sources of research.  In the presence of the sihah sitta, the massive body of reliable hadith, it should be the sole source of a Muslim scholar.  One who quotes weak hadith raises questions about his work.  But then again, I found the essence and teachings of the book to be sound.  I would humbly suggest that such minor errors be corrected in future editions.",
Meh,Just so so. The story was fairly predictable and will be easily forgettable.,
Black & white!  No color,Just ok.  The pages r not colored.  Apparently the child is supposed to do it.  Using for a gift. I think if even 1/2 the pages were in color it would be more interesting to the child.,
NOT A GOOD BUY.,"This was a very small book (8&#34; x 5&#34;) and published in 1988. I'm assuming the resources is out-of-date. There was an attachment secured inside the back cover (today, one would normally find a DVD) but whatever was in the pocket was missing. 113 pages of black and white photos.",
Maybe for boys?,"I wouldn't call this book especially well-written.  Writing could be more exciting and colorful.  Also, it's mostly white man heroes with tokens thrown in.  Such is history.",
I got through it,"I don't recommend it.  I didn't expect a James Bond type story or a Le Carre.  This was very slow moving with excruciating detail in some places.  That said, I acknowledge the research the author did in writing this book.",
It is OK,It is a liitle bit complicated. You still can use it as a learning material but could be better. It is ok.,
Pretty good end of a series,"Pretty good end of a series. Though there doesn't need to be a fourth installment (as I believe is coming up). I believe it will take away from the novelty of the series. However, I'm dying to see the series go to film, it would be perfect there. Because of the &#34;possible cliffhanger,&#34; there isn't a full resolve at the end, and this doesn't need to be a quadrilogy, so I took away a star. Also, this story can be a standalone, but if so, you'll miss out on the Lambert/ Fannelli journey. Good enough read; I recommend.",
Doesn't add much to the story,"This is my first read of a Star Wars movie novelization and this is a dull and boring book. As expected it is exactly the same as the movie but the majority of the book doesn't add anything to the movie. I would say only 5-10% of the book actually adds new material. There are a few interesting things that are now considered cannon such as, Ommin and the Dai bendu monks. But, the book falls flat and was a struggle to read due to it being so boring and just reiterating the movie entirely without adding substance. The book does explain Palpatines clone body in detail but only a little bit of his son is explained. Also the book tries to fix the sith dagger scene, which made no sense, but the book is unable to even explain it properly. Prydes(1-2 paragraphs) and Zorri(1-2 pages) are elaborated on in the book as well but I believe this book needed more original material and less copy and paste from the movie.",
dont buy this book,"I hate this book. It reads like  something from 1940. Not 1991. The grammar is poor, there are typos, cut off words and even the recipes are confusing or vague. It rattles off the subject. Gives no info on plants. No photos. No history. No safety info and the instructions  for snake bites and rabies made me cringe.",
Ugh!,One of the worst books I've ever read. Big disappointment.sorry I wasted my time on this poorly written book. Ugh,
interesting but not very useful. I recognize this is an old book,"interesting but not very useful.  I recognize this is an old book, so wanted to see if any of the &#34;future swing&#34; theories had been put in use.  Found out that not much from all I have seen and read.",
Just ok,"This book was ok. I didn't hate it, but I didn't love it either. I felt like the story was slow and I didn't like the way the characters were fleshed out. I know it won't be ending up in my reread pile.",
Did the author actually make any of these recipes?,"I was super excited for this cookbook, but I've been extremely disappointed with every recipe I've tried so far..Everything has been overwhelmingly dry, tough, or overly chewy in texture rather than light and airy as good bread should be. The biscuits are just one step above hockey pucks, and the bread is not much better..Honestly, I've had far better luck using regular family recipes and just handling the dough less..This was a big waste of money!",
Scrabble Word Building Book,"When you use this book on your Kindle Fire with Words with Friends app...it is too hard to go back and forth to look at words you might be able to use and play the game. For the price, it was a waste.",
Enjoyable end to the series,"It was a good story. Not as strong as some of her other works, but now I have read the series.",
Very bad quality of the printing,Must right bad review  I read past review here and bought the book but the print in the book is VERY terrible Latin words even can not see well book byself has lots of spots from bad quality of the printing so thank you guys for the bad product what else to say,
Do not Purchase,Bought as a gift And was very disappointed when we realized the bird song feature did not work. Do not purchase.,
One Star,not very good,
"So, so...a light weight read","I don't know why this book is on the best seller lists.  While the story is interesting, the writing is too one-dimensional.  The character development is elementary at best.  In my view, this book seems to have been written by a child.  It is so simple; it lacks depth.  What's up with the reading public?",
Cute but...,Cute and clever! I wish they had used lowercase letters. I watched my grandchild who is a sttong reader try to solve the riddle by calling out letter names rather than sound out the words. He couldn't get it because the words were written in all caps. Once he started sounding out the letters he could solve the riddles!,
What a disappointment after reading his The Terror!,"What kind of folksy hocum disguised as a horror novel is this?!  The novel reads like the author is indulging upon his childhood small town memories, then trying to weave a horror story into it. Granted, his horror scenes (except for the over-the-top-everything-but-the-kitchen-sink climax) are well written and heart-pounding. But oh the drivel you have to wade through to get to them; I started skimming pages (which I never do) because I had enough of the folksy descriptions of  a 1960 small town. Except for the well-developed character of Duane,  the other boys are interchangeable. And their dialogue is way beyond their tender years.  I can't believe this is the same author of The Terror, one of my best reads in the last 10 years.",
"Visually jarring, unrealistic message","Incredibly tone deaf with an oblivious main character. Cute but not realistic to “not care” what anyone says. Words hurt. Surprised to see this published in 2004. Also, if your children are especially sensitive to images of eyeballs, skeletons, people with exaggerated size and body features, be aware of some potentially frightening images.",
Don't buy this,"The website that you need to go to take the practice tests are terrible.  Very unclear as to how much time is needed, how to get the solutions, whether you can use a calculator or not.  I really hated trying to navigate this terrible website.  When I finally had my daughter start the practice test, the website just went down unexpectedly.  I have no idea how much time she has left and whether the work she has already done will be saved.  Don't waste your money on this!",
B O R I N G,"Too wordy and detailed, dragged on and on.  The story picked up just as I was starting to think about giving up on this book, only to fall flat again.  Do yourself a favor and skip this one.",
One Star,not very helpfull,
"The Good, the bad, and the ugly",Worked great on a couple of T-shirts.  It did not work on canvas or linen...left large blotchy areas that just did not transfer.,
Yuck!!!,"I haven't read hardly any Sci Fi, and if this is any indication of what they are like, then I  will NOT be reading any more Sci Fi.  I don't have a college education, but if I did, I'm still not sure I would have understood some of the words she used in the book.  I think she was trying to impress people back when she originally wrote the book.  I could NOT follow what was even going on.  Not just the  words I didn't understand, but the way she wrote it.  I love Sci Fi on TV, and thought I might like this, but this author spoiled any story she was trying to write here.  Enough said.  Hated it.",
Three Stars,"Had I read the same book as the peps leaving the glowing, effusive gushes?  Kinda simplistic predictable.",
The Battling Pilot by L Ron Hubbard (Audiobook Review),"The Battling Pilot is just one more installment in Galaxy Audio's ambitious project to memorialize the works of L Ron Hubbard in glorious audio.  This is one of Hubbard's ""air adventures"", which I always enjoy.  I can't help but wonder if maybe Hubbard himself didn't particularly enjoy this type of story as well.  His descriptions of the aircraft and the aerial battles are always stunningly picturesque and Galaxy's cinema quality music and sound effects only serve to enhance Hubbard's storytelling..This is a great story with all the key elements that Hubbard uses so well.  We have an aging pilot who is growing weary of making the same old run from DC to New York and New York to DC, day after day.  He longs for a little excitement in his life, but in The Battling Pilot he gets a little more than he bargained for.  And then there is the ever-present damsel in distress; this time in the form of an honest to goodness princess who must personally deliver a large sum of money to aid her desperate people.  There is plenty of drama and high-flying suspense, along with Hubbard's wonderfully descriptive action scenes to spice up this fast-paced book...Steven Brandt - Audiobook Heaven",
Cheap looking,Images looked great online. Cheap flimsy calendar in person. Bad printing job and corners curled as soon as I hung it up :(,
Lacks real storyline,"This book had great potential in the beginning. I loved the way it started out, crossing paths with an old flame on a NewYork City street and where will fate lead... However.... this book dragged on and on with mundane meaningless details that did not add to the story, but instead really took away from it. I felt like I waited forever to get to the end to find out what would happen and when she finally me up with old flame again it just lacked any substance or excitement, or anything. The final ending was good, but fee was it painful to get there :/",
Okay,"A couple of things I disliked about this book, first, she should have been called Nancy, as in Nancy Negative. Second, the dialogue is stilted and drawn out. She's always arguing, What if I can't, what if it doesn't, etc, over and over.",
"dry erase crayons are better, pages have too much going on","smears with marker, dry erase crayons are better, pages have too much going on",
Wrecker,"This was slow, boring book. I had to make myself finish reading it. Pointless, even free not worth the time. Disappointed",
Biased,"I agree with a lot of the other reviews here; this book is more geared towards the childless than the childfree.  There is a huge difference.  The term childless applies to anyone who wants a child and cannot have one. The term childfree applies to anyone (straight, gay, or bisexual) who plans not to raise or bear children for a variety of reasons...If you're looking for a childfree book, this isn't it.",
Too much work for too little payoff,"While there’s a decent story in this book, a bit of a mystery, for me, it took far too much work to ferret it out. From the gimmicky chapter numbering which jumps all over the place, to the chapters consisting of a single page picture, there’s no timeline to grab onto, and I often felt myself scrambling to figure out exactly when things were happening. I found myself needing to keep a running summary of each chapter as I read. To me, this is work; not the enjoyment I expect from a book. I felt that the summary left much to be wanted in describing this book...The book got off to very slow start. It took me three days to read the first 30 pages. After that point, things picked up and the book finally developed a rhythm I could get into. Still, I could never relax into this book because of how the timeline, or lack thereof, jumped around...This book has many, many triggers for those who are sensitive.  Here they are, if you're interested:.child abandonment, cancer, murder, drug use, death, snakes, rape, sadistic behavior..The book is dark and haunting. The characters are interesting, but I never felt that they were fully fleshed out. It seemed like the author had the desire to try to shock the reader in every way possible, but often without any real payoff for the reader...The writing itself is quite good, at times almost poetic. Unfortunately, I think the book could have been much shorter. The author enjoyed showing all the lurid and horrible at the expense of character development and story pace. For instance, the chapters with Alvero and Flaca could have been cut in half, or even to a quarter of the length in this final version. It’s point is to show Alvero’s oddities and how they affected Penny, but I didn’t feel that it really worked all that well. It involved snakes, and I’m no fan of them, so that may have some influence on my opinion...I did like Penny and Cale and some of the other characters, but not enough to really care what happens to them. I guess that was good because I didn’t come away feeling that I knew what happened to them. Too much was left unexplained...I can’t say that this book is a favorite read of mine. It isn’t. I think it could have been, if the author hadn’t worked so hard to make it such a difficult, disagreeable read. To make it worse, I didn’t feel rewarded for all of my hard work in the end. It wasn’t a very satisfying conclusion in my eyes and left several threads flailing in the wind...I doubt I’ll be recommending this book to anyone. It’s certainly not a book I intend to keep or read again. I found it very disappointing. It definitely wasn’t my cup of tea, and I doubt I’ll be looking for other books by this author...I won this book in a Goodreads giveaway. All opinions in this review express my honest and true reactions to reading this book.",
It's okay.,Not that funny.,
No illustrations! Do not purchase this!,The original masterpiece has 119 engravings. This edition conveniently left them out! Lazy editor!,
Eh... decent,Not worth 19.95 new. If you look at the used ones and get it for 6-8 bucks I'd do that.,
Recorded Book,The 5th CD will not play well! some of the books I order have defective disks!! It is a sweet sad story.,
Far fetched!,"The plot has many Southern cliches, I’m from the south. The end could not have been predicted, because it was so ridiculous.  I suspected this person, but not with all the twists given.",
This one was just annoying as the female narrator attempted to adjust her voice ...,I listen to recorded books with some frequency and realize that there are voice limitations. This one was just annoying as the female narrator attempted to adjust her voice to the characters in a Southern drawl...ewwww!,
Scary. Not for little kids.,"This book is not for age 4. I bought it to help explain earthquakes to my 4yo, and this book is way too scary.",
Lower the bar...,"Although this is the fourth book in the series, it is the first one I have ever read. This is definitely a stand alone novel. While the relationship's between the character's have been clearly established the author found a way to catch the new reader up, without it ever feeling like I was reading a synopsis of former stories. While I did enjoy it and was drawn in from the start, I was a bit disappointed with the end. I found the character's and story extremely predictable, and would've liked at least one twist or turn. Sophie is a very likable character, but seems to just stumble through life. As the daughter of the devil on her fourth book I would've though she'd have things more together. Also the sexual tension between her and Alex and Will was lacking...It was a fun read. However I will not be going back to read any of the first three book. I would read future installments though, it seems like a great series to tide me over while I wait for new books from other series I love.",
Loses something in translation,"I like to read my kids stories from all around the world, often stories from different cultures have different perspectives than what we are used to. This story is from an author in Argentina. It is about a lazy ant who tells good stories. My kids enjoyed the story, but they found parts of it hard to follow. There is no clear moral to the story (if anything, laziness is rewarded). The majority of the story is the ants in the anthill speculating about what has become of Juan Hormiga (the title character). There is a lot of dialogue, all written in red text rather than the black of the narration. Younger readers will find the dialogue difficult to follow, as it doesn't differentiate between the characters speaking very clearly. The illustrations are done in a minimalist cartoon style. Overall the book is fine, but it's not a story that my children request to hear again and again, it just doesn't grab their attention or imagination. Perhaps it loses something in translation.",
Good thriller read,"Great plot and a well-told story, but some mistakes as well. You can't cite a boater for not having a pfd when his boat is not in the water, and you can't cut yourself free if your hands are tied. Also, the characters interact a bit too quickly towards the end.",
Made for the UK,"It's okay but it's really written for the UK and not  the US. Things are different. Also, I was hoping more more advice from the landlord point of view.",
It's okay...,"I'm an experienced cartoonist and wanted to venture into animal animation. This book is good for the over all view of the animals body shape...but's that's all it's good for. So, pretty much the basics. Still, it's always good to have when you forget the shape of the animal...after all there are thousands of animals that are shaped differently!",
Stackpole's great characters return,"No one can write characters in the BattleTech universe like Stackpole. He gets into the grime and muck of their motivations, their hopes and dreams, and gets you to root for them regardless of how despicable they might be...As a return after more than five years away from BT novels, Stackpole delivers an off-main arc story in this one. While it does not really serve as a good introductory novel to the BT universe, for those versed in the details and history it is exceptional...Focusing primarily on two main characters, a Wolf-in-Exile castoff named Verena who manages to achieve fame and rank through accident rather than design, and Alaric Wolf, a Clan Wolf Star colonel who considers himself a god amongst mortals destined to rule over all he surveys. Alaric happens to be the son of Katherine Steiner-Davion (known still as Katrina) and her brother, Victor, through some Clan genetic milkshake process...Through various machinations, the Wolf Clan chooses to relocate their entire nation and peoples from the occupation zone they carved into the Inner Sphere 80 years earlier (see Stackpole's Blood of Kerensky series) by cooperating with their wayward cousins, the Wolves-in-Exile, and the Lyran Commonwealth. To prevent their enemies from taking advantage of their move, Alaric lights upon a plan to distract them by announcing (and supposedly pursuing) the conquest of Terra, the long-ago goal of the Clan Invasion...In their feinted drive toward Terra, Alaric takes a planet and strips it of useful materiel. When another main character, Anastasia Kerensky of the Wolf Hunters merc unit arrives, his arrogance and presumption result in his capture. He learns a great deal about her and himself during the treatment he receives at her hands. He also meets Verena after her fame has catapulted her to heights she never expected, commanding a battalion of 'Mechs in defense of the region the Wolves are invading...Through her own obvious devious machinations, Anastasia returns Alaric to Clan Wolf, where he is tasked with commanding another planetary invasion that pits him against Verena...The end of the book clearly leaves a lot unresolved, something that never pleases me overmuch. Each book should stand alone, but since this is one book of many in a shared universe, threads have to be left hanging. While there is some resolution for parts of the characters' tales, the scale of the story is bigger than could be resolved in under 300 pages. Given that Stackpole's recent fare has topped 400 pages, this was little more than an appetizer for those who might collect the author's works. It's a good book, but not close to as good as his Ghost War or much of his earlier BT novels.",
HIGHLY INFORMATIVE BUT SOMEWHAT UGLY WORK,"I REALIZE THAT TASTE IS AN INDIVIDUAL EXPERIENCE BUT NOT EVEN THE HIGHLY KNOWING AND APPLIED SCIENCE OF THIS HYBRID OF TECHNOLOGY AND ART CAN WITHSTAND THE FACT THAT THESE PICTURES ARE JUST PLAIN UGLY TO THE ARTISTIC EYE OR AT LEAST TOO MINE...I RELAIZE THAT MIGHT COME ACROSS AS BLASPHEMY TO SOME BUT THERE IS NO OFF BUTTON TO THE DETAIL AND AFTER AWHILE IT BECOMES ALMOST OBSESSIVE AND CERTIANLY TO MY EYES, UGLY. HOWEVER THE SKILL TO MANIPULATE AND WORK THIS MEDIUM IS THERE FOR ONE TO LEARN AND THE INSTRUCTION IS SOUND, DIRECT AND WELL STRUCTURED.  IT WAS A CHORE FTO READ THIS BOOK THOUGH AND I AM NOT GOING TO LIE ABOUT IT...THERE IS A POINT WHERE THE ACT OF CHOICE IS USED TO DELETE AD REFINE A PICTURE AND THAT KNOWLEDGE SEEMS TO BE CONSISTENTLY IGNORED IN THIS ARTSITICALLY FLAWED BUT TECHNICALLY SOUND BOOK...I WONDER IF THE AUTHOR EVER HEARD THE PHRASE"" MORE IS LESS"".........M",
Not a good read,I did not like this book.  It was filled with foul language and very disturbing subject matter.  I would not recommend it to anyone.,
didn't grab me,"I just finished the book, although it took me a long time to finish.  I enjoyed the characters in the book and a chance to go into Rikers prison.  I could also relate to Holly since I am a teacher and work in Chicago Public Schools.  Although I tried to understand the poetry, I found it difficult at times. I think if I was more of a poet and into poetry I would have enjoyed the book more.  I was glad that I was able to read the reviews on this site. That gave me more understanding.  I am also curious to read some of the other novels that were referenced as being similar.",
JINX,"I bought 2 copies of this, one to frame, and one to burn. DONT JINX THE DODGERS",
"Probably one of the better books out there with practical advice, but I don't know if it holds up over time","Probably one of the better books out there with practical advice, but I don't know if it holds up over time. I like the examples it contains and would like to try out the fonts for myself. One thing it covers that others don't is how to make Word do some better things with spacing.",
Homosexuality is Acceptable According to this Children's Author,"I babysit my toddler granddaughter. She has received so many books as gifts that I'm just now getting around to reading this one. Obviously, I did not purchase it. I'm guessing a family friend bought it. While the book is beautifully illustrated and even creatively written, I have serious problems with promoting homosexuality in children's board books. Really?! Where do we draw the line in terms of safeguarding the innocence of little ones? Other authors of children's books have allegorically touched on the subject too. It's getting to the point where children's book need to come with a ""parental advisory"" sticker. ""You May Be Offended by the Subject Matter Presented in This CHILDREN'S Book.""",
Book was awesome. It’s condition wasn’t.,Came dented and banged up. I paid for new.,
Good but not fantastic,"Easy Little Peppers is an okay supplement to other repertoire. I was kind of surprised that I didn't love it considering the rave reviews others posted, but maybe my expectations were too high.  Some songs are cute and catchy, while others are not and the 5/4 key signature with a tie over the bar line, I thought defeated the purpose of having the 5/4 for this level of student who is really just learning how to emphasize the beats correctly within the normal 5/4 parameters.",
Don't waste your money,"I have tried 4 times to get into this book.  Allison Brennan is among my top favorites, before this mess, a hot mess. . I will donate a book not read for the first time. .",
Characters are fictional,"Not accurate.  While the Martin and Wille handcart companies made a fateful decision, it was not known by SLC leaders they had set out.  Martins ravine as she calls it, is actually called Martin's Cove...The polygamy she so often refers to is not accurate. It was a choice many did not follow and when it ended, men did not toss out thier other wife.  The practice just ended and no longer encouraged..  It was not the focus of the companies  nor did the men treat thier wives as she describes as controlling,  that is frowned upon by the LDS faith.  The only factual is the 2 handcart companies did in fact set out way to late and did encounter the terrible hardships of hunger, death and cold.  Other than that, it is not a actual portrayal of the LDS faith and beliefs.",
Bummer,Interesting but not my kind of read,
Terry no longer writes good books,"It's unfortunate because he used to be my favorite author. Terry has a habit of regurgitating the same information over and over again in a novel, in a very redundant manner that has the reader skipping through pages because it all becomes so similar. The first four or five Sword of Truth novels were excellent, but the next seven or so suffered this same fate. It's almost like he is just trying to hit a word quota. The other issue is he goes down political tangents that take us out of the action and into topics we are trying to steer clear of in fantasy and suspense. I can't recommend this book when there is much  better fantasy available elsewhere.",
Overly sweet,Simple afternoon read and while I somewhat enjoyed it I could only give three stars. It was a little too overly “sweet” for my taste. For some reason I felt like the characters were all a too happy go lucky...except for that one death. Maybe the next book has a wider range of emotions or conflicts?,
Pre-teen boys may like it more than a 9 yr old.,"I gave this book to my 9 year old nephew for Christmas.  I asked him a month later if he liked the book and he said...&#34;it's really...big.&#34;  I took that as a &#34;no&#34;.  I probably should have saved it until he was a little older.  There are a lot of activities in the book that maybe if parents worked with the kids on them, then they would be more interested.  But I think opening up a book this thick (about 1.5-2 inches) is just too intimidating for a 9yr old.",
Husker Calendar,A bit outdated but still looks good in my son's Husker room! Photos are vibrant and cool! Just wish they had more current photos. Go BIG Red!,
The Bookshop of the Broken Hearted,"This has got to be one of the saddest stories that I have read in a very long time.  Even during joyful moments, there is sadness...My thanks to Netgalley and Faber & Faber for this advanced readers copy.  This book is due to release in July 2019.",
Skip it,"This was a strange story. Maybe I've lived a sheltered life but if this was all I'd ever heard about Northerners, I'd stay away from them. Affairs, incest, slapping children across the face? No thanks. This was a did-not-finish.",
Poor picture quality,The pictures are horrible,
It's okay,lots of really cute designs.  It has full sign patterns included in a pocket inside of front cover.  Very nice feature.,
... is one of the few times my wife didn't enjoy a prima guide,"This is one of the few times my wife didn't enjoy a prima guide. Not very well written, unclear in some spots. She did find some parts useful, but it assumes a lot of the player.",
Waste of money,"So just a simple case with a strap is $100- $150, it has very little to no protection for your phone, the case is hard, the front of the phone is exposed so it will either get scratched by your clothes (belt or buttons)  or by hitting things along the way,  the strap is very thin, their customer service is TERRIBLE, do not buy !",$$
"cleaned up version, boring, not easy to follow, actually no story at all","Wow. Do not believe this is the story i remember..I couldnt even follow it,  how is a child supposed to?.Even tho the copyright is from the '50s this story has been cleaned up..Sorry I  bought 2 of them. Now i need to spend more and get the right one. Too much hassle to return",
throws out too many very unnecessary facts and does not explain the reasons behind the,throws out too many very unnecessary facts and does not explain the reasons behind the. too many facts having to do with translation from other languges,
I think I was expecting more history after all she was a inteligent strong women married to a good president in times with so serious trouble in the ...,"Was an ok book , I think I was expecting more history after all she was a inteligent strong women married to a good president in times with so serious trouble in the world and little to nothing was said in the book that made me feel I was reading just a gossip thing",
"The Cheyenne Mountain zoo is in Colorado Springs, Colorado ...","The Cheyenne Mountain zoo is in Colorado Springs, Colorado, not Wyoming! Whoever wrote this book didn't do their research.",
Gift purchase.,"Person I gave the book to said he read some of it but couldn't continue because of very light ,small print crowded on the pages.",
Three Stars,Okay but I've seen better,
It’s okay,This product is everything the description said it was. I just have trouble with the story and feel like it could have been better used with better rhymes. Love the pictures and the special binding. Very sturdy.,
The Kim Kardashian of Indian Fiction,"I gave this book 2 stars only because the Hindu mythology and the vague references to it in an attempt to explain some historical findings & traditions is interesting...The main plot however starts off at a peak, hot & fast and ends in a cold flat dull pit. The story telling is so horribly amateurish I was quite shocked it even got published at such a grand level. I guess being a loaded industrialist helps in that regards...The story seems like it was written by someone in high school who just read Da Vinci Code and was so excited by it he had to find a quick Hindu parallel & bang a novella out..That's why I call this book the Kim K of modern Indian fiction, superficial promise of something spectacular, famous for no good reason, just good marketing & $$ put to good use.",$$
Three Stars,not bad ...good beach read,
You need to be quite smart,"First, this anacrostic book is printed on both sides of each page.  It's hard to use unless you lay the book out flat in front of you and it's laying out on a table.  Next, I thought I'd at least try a puzzle or two.  They both were super hard for me at least.  They weren't fun.  I was very frustrated.  So if you like anacrostics and you aren't terribly smart (even with google's help) I would suggest Cynthia Morris or another.  I have only tried Cynthia Morris recently and dell a few years back.",
Very Funny In An Unintentional Way,"I understand from the jacket that the author is a very well educated and intelligent guy.  However, the basic structure of the book is that he's an Anglo who gets on a bus in Mexico and rides it down through Central America to Nicaragua.  All the while, and you get the feeling he's never been to Central America before, he gives the reader all sorts of political, geo-political and editorial opinions about how screwed up the Mexicans, Salvadorans and Nicaraguans are.  The guy could have stayed in Washington or New York or wherever he was, and made the same pronouncements at the bar with his well-educated and intelligent co-workers, with the same level of emotional involvement.  If somehow getting on a bus and riding a few thousand miles suddenly makes your opinion about a region credible and worthwhile, the author succeeded.  I'm a little skeptical myself.  The author comes across like a post-liberal Colonel Blimp more than anything else.",
Just ok,The book did not hold my attention from the first to the very last. I did not see much of God in this Christian fiction novel.,
Just ok,Pictures aren’t drawn real well and don’t really resemble the player,
The cover explains the whole book,"I guess I should've paid better attention when it says it's for kids who have already been taught these conversions- because there is zero and I mean zero, input to help or even remind them how. What you see on the cover is what the entire book is like- filling in random slots to finish the conversions. It would be good practice... but wasn't what I was looking for.",
This cookbook has a fatal omission,"This is a book on ketogenic recipes. however, for some reason, none of the recipes show anything about the number of carbohydrates contained in the finished product. Now, I did think about doing the research myself and working backward to do show what she should have shown, but I haven't yet tried. So, until, I compile the carbohydrate backup for each of her 70 (my count) recipes, this book will be of absolutely no value to me. I might add that I first thought that other ketogenic cookbooks might have the same problem, but another such book that arrived the same day has the following information about one serving of one of the their recipes: Fat: 13g, Carbohydrates: 5g, Protein: 10g. So they're not all the same. Some of the authors feel an obligation to show what most purchasers of their books EXPECT. Zero stars for this book for that one serious and inexcusable flaw.",
Less Sci Fi Than The Synopsis Implies,"If, Then follows four neighbors who live in the shadow of a dormant volcano in Oregon. Possibly as a result of seismic activity in the area, these four begin seeing visions of themselves in alternate lives. I wanted there to be more to that, but mostly it's a plot device to encourage the characters to question their life choices. Rather, to encourage Ginny to question her life choices, because everyone else is mostly just confused by the other selves...I liked Mark and Samara, didn't really care about Cass although she's our path into the Counterfactual theory. I loathed Ginny. It didn't help that all the &#34;medical&#34; dialog was painfully simplistic so didn't convey to me the &#34;wow, she's super important and amazing&#34; vibe that I think was intended...Three stars because I did like the underlying premise and particularly the way Samara's storyline played out.",
Sure this isn't a YA novel??,"I know Melissa de la Cruz usually writes YA novels (and she's good at it) but this was supposed to be an adult novel. Unfortunately, it felt like I was reading a YA novel. There was a lot of potential with the plot, but I don't think it was executed very well. Some of it was interesting (the relationship between Freya and Bran's brother was hot!) but I don't think I will be continuing on with the series.",
"As some of the readers mentioned, I also had ...","As some of the readers mentioned, I also had been looking forward to reading this book, but it turned out to be very disappointing. It's slow moving, the plot and the characters are not interesting and not developed. Even the writing style and the dialogues were somewhat shallow. I felt let down.",
A convoluted mess,"The Ruin of Kings has been on my radar ever since it was announced in 2018 being compared to Joe Abercrombie (one of my favorite authors), Patrick Rothfuss, and Brandon Sanderson. It sounded so good - a heavy dose of epic fantasy with all the usual nastiness and morally-grey characters. But I could not connect with a single character or event in this book no matter what I did. The convoluted storytelling DID NOT HELP. In Fact I skimmed the last half of this as fast as I could......I'm sure the right sort of reader will eat this up and add it to their favorites list. It does seem to be garnering a lot of positive attention. At least the publisher is making it seem like that with those heavy words ""Prepare to meet the genre's next star.""..Page 1 begins with an ominous scene. We’re introduced to a boy named Kirian as he is in a jail cell with a “demon” named Talon who is leaning on the outside bars begging for a story to be told on how he got there...And so he begins...And so does she...That’s right. We are forced to follow not one but two different perspectives of the same story being told. We have two narrations here! There’s Kihrins 1st person perspective talking about his recent events and then there’s Talons 3rd person perspective talking about what happened before the events he’s telling.. uhhhh. So yes, Talons chapters aren't about her. They're also about Kihrin.. in 3rd person.. but his name is Rook....Which would have been incredibly unique and interesting but I found it to be confusing and hard to follow. OH YEAH! There’s also footnotes throughout the whole book.....Not like I don’t enjoy a complex story, I freaking do! Like give me all the complexity! But with the writing style, body swapping (where characters are actually not the characters you think they are) and the 10 page glossary in the back of the book of smash-your-face-on-keyboard names (including multiple nicknames for multiple characters) made up slangs for gangs, and kingdoms and faraway lands. This quickly became a chore. Adding insult to injury, I found the the main character Kihrin very unlikeable and did not enjoy reading the story he wanted to tell...I think if we had a linear plot line, it would have been much more enjoyable. It's so frustrating that its convoluted because there is a wonderful story and world that's sort of obstructed by the time and perspective jumps. The world building is beautiful and the rich history/cultures were *insert grabby hands*..But all in all, I am left in a puddle of disappointment. Like I said, I skimmed the fork out of the last half of this book. I was over it but I feel like I have a good mindset on my rating.",
Average,It was ok. Not a thriller page turner,
Does not Stand Alone,Cute calendar subject. Paper is thin but works fine. The calendar has to lay flat on your desk. The cardboard stand it comes with is useless.,
"Super Fluffy, Not in a Satisfying Way","This was really kind of lame. It was like an extended Vanity Fair article about a rock band and singer, but this is fiction and could've been (and should've been) a lot deeper or less predictable. Daisy especially is a simpleton and not interestingly enough rendered here to make it worth an entire novel. I kind of liked her character, and the other main characters to a lesser degree, but the plot is so slight (and falls apart badly about half way through) and the characters so stagnant, that I ended up feeling cheated. A book about rock stars should be WAY more exciting and interesting than this.",
um... Mr Bezos?,"Okay, I was browsing on Amazon, and I noticed that this book was the first item on Jeff Bezos' ""Wish List""...Jeff, Forbes magazine estimates your liquid net worth at $3.3 Billion dollars. A book that costs $11.95 is NOT someting that you need to 'Wish' for, particularly since you founded the company that is the primary distribution channel for all print media for the forseeable future. See that button on the website that says: ""Add to Cart""? Just click that. No need to add it to your ""Wish List"". Incidentally, your actual ""Wish List"" at this point should look something like this:..1. Telekinesis.2. Governorship of California.3. Threesome with the Hilton Sisters.4. Mastery of all Time and Space.5. Hair..Okay, I'm done ranting...ps this book sucks and will teach you nothing about how to make money in securities markets. You might as well consult the magic 8-ball for all the good it does you.",$$
Do buy into it...,She’s an arrogant criminal just like that good for nothing politician she’s married to. This is self-important dribble with a topping of delusions of grandeur. So so arrogant. Just yuck. Just no. .,
Needs more depth,Not as interesting as the title makes you think.  Most of it is about weird behaviors that people have done to search out the occult.  Wanted more on why these ideas took hold so easily during certain time period in america.,
"El autor hizo un buen esfuerzo, pero se queda ...","El autor hizo un buen esfuerzo, pero se queda corto en comparación con el original escritor (Stieg Larsen) Si no hubiera sido continuacion de Millenium, quizas tendria mejor calificación... pero solo quizas. Una nota agradable es la ausencia de contenido sexual, lo cual le agrega atractivo para mi gusto. La proxima entrega la pensare mas para adquirirla.",
Not Impressed Unfortunately,"Average book and I really expected way more from the former head of the FBI. I supported Hillary C and Mr Comey seems so seemingly full of himself in this book as he directed the charge to investigate “the phantom emails”. After reading this book I think Donald Trump maybe made the right call in firing him. He made mistakes....it seems he sure did ......and one is opening his heart, mind and style in this book. I can’t believe some of the so called facts mentioned in the book ; the number of her emails mentioned for example...thousands and then hundreds of thousands.....who has time to write or read or keep that many. Do the math. No doubt in my mind Mr Comey really screwed up in his “do the seemingly right thing beliefs”. He is most likely the number one person most responsible for the injustice of Mrs Clinton not becoming the first female President of the US and for weakening trust and respect  in our FBI organizations.",
I wish I could just get a refund for my time and money on this book,"The book was off to a slow start, give it at least 3-4 chapters.  It picks up in the middle and end— until a very abrupt ending, that leave the readers lacking closure.  And that this book seems to idealize and praise bad choices, being irresponsible and mistakes in life. There is a disdain for people who follow the rules and lead a responsible life.  I wish I could have gotten a refund.",
Gives pretty basic advice and is outdated,"For anyone in a current LDR and is the tiniest bit tech savvy or has a smart phone, this book is outdated. Clearly this book was published before Skype and texting was common, which makes the suggestions on using technology almost humorous. My long distance boyfriend and I were already doing all of the things suggested to keep intimacy alive, to keep each other involved in each other's lives while we are living on opposite coasts. There also seems to be a more conservative theme to this book, which is fine since it isn't overwhelming. It is nice as the authors did interview long distance couples that made it work, and those that didn't. A quick and easy read that may help bring hope back into a LDR that is experiencing some trouble. But really, the best advice they give in the entire book is communication is key.",
Rip off all-in-one,"This is a self published coloring book comprised of ""FREE"" coloring pages and a few quotes from black women, even people who have no business being quoted as if they said something important like a quote from Halley Berry. The book comes off as a book made by a non black person about what they suppose black women want. In short, it's utter trash and if you buy this, the publisher should not only reimburse you for the purchase but they should end up owing you money for loss of time and loss of art supplies",
GOOD READ but NOT a FAVORITE,"I've been reading Peter May non-stop and really enjoy his books and style!.Fourth Sacrifice is not as good.  Debated over 3 or 4 stars but due to the weakness of a major character  I gave a 3..Margaret, main player, is aggravating in this series.  Close to annoying, very unflattering. Emotional nut.  I. Can't see anyone being attracted to that.  In other books in series,she comes across better.  Got tired of her gyrations. Main guy Li is a great character study!.As usual the plot is excellent thriller, mystery. China Series is a definite read! Still torn on my rating but I'll stick to it.",
Two Stars,Mostly about him taking about a course he gave and not about helping the reader.,
"No fingerings, what a joke","No fingerings, what a joke",
"Truly, the banality of evil. Not a lot of action.",The characters are not that interesting. Nice people with seemingly everything but who also have issues. No real surprises. The tone is slow and cold. Just interesting enough to keep me reading but ending left me flat.,
Recipes for Bland Food,"There are a lot of recipes in this book and they cover a broad range of meal types and tastes.  The recipes are easy enough to follow and there are good pointers for general slow cooking in the book...But I'm only giving it three stars because all of the recipes I've tried have been very bland despite a large amount of jalapenos and onions and seasoning, etc.  The blandness combined with the lack of texture in the food is a bummer, and I've stopped using the cookbook.",
Was not helpful,I was looking for a summary of the huge book this handbook supplements and this was not it.  I returned it.,
Barclay is a good writer and...,"for that reason, I continue to read his stories.  But this one, the first in a series of three, leaves you hanging at the end with lots of questions.  Some get answered in the second book, but not all.  Also, he has a tendency to introduce too many characters, too many sub-plots and side-plots, and seems compelled to tell you every thought that goes through his head.  It's overwhelming and makes the book longer than it needs to be.  And so many of his books rehash earlier ones that you really have to read them in order of publication or a lot won't make sense.  I prefer his stand-alone novels like Trust Your Eyes which was much more concise.",
"Thankfully, the others in this series are much better","Ann Cleeves is undeniably a great mystery writer.  The Vera, Perez, and Venn series are all excellent.  Perhaps because this was one of her earlier books, she hadn't hit her stride.  Vera isn't yet the fully realized character she emerges to be.  Other than being fat, ugly, and stubborn, Cleeves reveals nothing about Vera's nature and why she's such a terrific cop.  Some of the lengthy writing spent on the inner thoughts of a couple of the characters could have been put to better use.  Regarding the plot, Cleeves creates one significant red herring that is never clearly resolved, the character just stops appearing in the story; and, the solution is a typical deus ex machina with the solution appearing almost miraculously at the end when Joe reports the findings of an interview he'd had, and the killer confesses in a near cliche drawing room scene.",
Good for learning vocabulary,"If you want to learn a lot of individual words, this book is pretty good. It has a lot of lesson type activities in it where you write down the correct answer or whatever.  I got about halfway through the book, then was a little bored and never finished it up.  It isn't very good at getting you up to speed on conversational Portuguese.  For that you need formal classes or the Pimsleur's Portuguese CDs.  It does have a lot of vocabulary in it, with pictures.",
How About Not Opening The Door?,"I'll be blunt: I hated this novel.  In the beginning I kept asking,"" Why not just open the door?""  It was one of those novels that is so supremely far-fetched, it's almost like art.  Not like good art, the type you look at and say, ""Oh, beautiful landscape, lovely tree,"" but the kind where someone wraps themselves up in aluminum foil and stands in the middle of an art gallery.  Then people who don't know much about anything, but have a few bucks in their pockets say, ""This is making such a statement!  It's true, we all isolate ourselves away in this fashion ..."" or some other such nonsense...This is how the book felt for me.  Pretentious.  I just couldn't buy it from beginning to end and thought the main characters needed to grow a pair.",
No timeline all over the place,Feel like she is all over the place in the book. Hard to follow,
A little disappointed,Not the recipes I expected!,
Ugh...so bad,This book was just awful.,
Left wing author.  Equates US with Nazis.,Sounded like a winner but I don’t buy books equating the U.S. with the Nazis.  I was ready to click buy when I read that she’s  another left wing author.,
Confusing,"This book was confusing and difficult to follow.  I had too many questions when I finished it.  Not enough suspense.  Started out fine, but lost me in the middle.  I finished it but was disappointed with the story.",
A Bit Misleading,"While this is a nice, light story, it is certainly not a mystery in the true sense of the word. Sure, a body shows up more than halfway into the book, but there was no real detective work taking place. This was a very light mystery, and almost bordered into chick-lit with the heavy emphasis on the female character and her love life. The time period (the 30s) isn't portrayed realistically either; although there are references to the era, the characters and their actions seem far more modern than one might expect. I wasn't impressed by the story or the writing and won't be reading the sequels that will follow. Not recommended.",
Popped my balloon,"Being young when Kennedy  was killed, I’ve always had high opinions of him as a President and leader for our country. Yes, I’ve heard numerous stories about all his “ lady friends”. I dont approve of that behavior when he was a married man . That was a huge flaw . Otherwise, I thought he was a good person and tried hard to make our country better..Jackie came across as “aloof”, but a proper First Lady..Reading this book destroyed my ideals of both of them. It wasn’t flattering to either one.  I’m hoping the author was mistaken, had an axe to grind, or just plain wanted to trash them..The writing was decent, but I don’t like books like this that smear people and dig up all the bad stuff they can find..3 stars for the actual writing. 0 for content.  I believe this was slanted. Coming out of this book, you lose all respect for both Kennedys.",
A lesson in bad 1st person and 3rd person writing,"This book is written in 1st and 3rd person from the perspectives of the Father, witness, friend, and private investigator, all of which have zero to do with the outcome..This means that dialog is dull, matter of fact and ultimately pointless. Examples from the book, ""He tells me...""  ""I laugh. He laughs.""  ""Luke glances..."" ""she is taking a break..."" ""He is pleased about that..."" Instead of the author creating an environment where the reader can conclude the emotions of the character, the author simply tells you what the character is feeling. Every chapter of the witness, the Father, and the friend is a redundant, woe is me chapter which at the end is irrelevant. The private investigator's biggest contribution is somehow recognizing that a hostage isn't the missing girl based on body shape. Something the girls family somehow failed to see first. The story is full off random characters that have little to do with the story. The author could have added humpty dumpty to the list of pointless characters. The author uses the epilogue to try to close the holes in her story and tie-in the random characters as people that were truly behind everything. Eye roll. Character development is non-existent. We know more about the family dog Sammy than we do from the missing girl Anna. I would have felt more emotions if the dog had died. The author reveals what happened to Anna in one sentence in the epilogue..This book should have been called ""You disgust me"" since it's the sentence that shows up the most in this book. Don't waste your money on this nonsense unless you need a book to put under that wobbly table, with the short leg.",
This is an easy read but I was expecting more drama,"Is someone ghost writing Mary Higgins Clark's books?  They seem very different from 20 years ago.  This is an easy read but I was expecting more drama, suspense, etc.",
Too little plot,Rather predictable and boring. The last few page were just plain padding. James Patterson needs to get back to quality over quantity.  5th ink he's made enough money for now.,
rip-off,"Biggest waste of money....every page is exactly the same...oh wait, there's a different bird on every page.... Save yourself 6 bucks and buy a pretty notebook",
One Star,Terrible book... Kinkade's work deserves a better book.,
Unconditional,"Nicholas Sparks' latest novel, The Last Song, provides ideal material for any book club. The relationships among the characters lend to tears and laughter. Protagonist Ronnie Miller reluctantly spends the summer in North Carolina with her estranged father, Steve. His love for her is unconditional, and his patience with her is remarkable. Ronnie associates with unsavory companions, then falls in love with a charming rich boy. Over the course of a few months, Ronnie becomes transformed by this special summer. There's a villain and his sidekicks in the story, and that retains tension. At a book club meeting, there will plenty to talk about: parenting, religion, illness, and caring. Most of all, The Last Song celebrates the power of love, and is a sweet book that all readers except cynics are likely to enjoy...Rating: Three-star (Recommended)",
Previous My Plan It user disappointed!,"I have used the ""My Plan It"" calendar from this same company for many years. When I went to reorder, it was out of stock.  I began looking around and saw this one.  I was excited to see the pen holder and see that it was seemingly very similar to the ""My Plan It"" calendar.  I was VERY disappointed!  The pen holder broke the first time I used it! The stickers are too tiny to read - and I have perfect eyesight.  The selling feature of the labels for family member  names that flip out on the side - lame and very hard to track all the way across the calendar.  I wouldn't recommend this calendar - stick with the My Plan It if you like its features!",
This book is TINY,"My fault, I saw 169 pages and assumed it was a normal sized book. It has some useful information, but not very much. Probably ok for someone who knows nothing of Denmark.",
No access code,"Came just as the pictures show, however I did not have an access code in mine either.",
Not fully baked,"Grey background makes it hard to read. This book needs improvement, not fully baked.",
comic book,"I really did not expect this to be in comic book mode.  I breezed through it in a very short time.  Maybe someone who likes comic would appreciate this book, but I did not like",
Save your money.,Bought this book a few months back. The binder glue has failed and the pages are falling out...Total waste of time.,
Not what I expected,Felt like I was reading a repeat of the first book with a few more characters thrown in. Can't say it was a bad read but I was somewhat disappointed. Also I didn't really like the character Mae in this book like  I did in the first  book. Book one She was a good person overcoming tragedies but in this book she struck me as rather lame and stupid rather than just naive.,
"Boring, Wordy & Woke...","I discovered George's Inspector Lynley series quite late in the game.  I devoured every book I could get my hands on and then eagerly awaited this latest installment.  What an utter disappointment.  This book was far, far too long.  Much too wordy and I didn't like the apparently de rigueur characterization of ""white woman bad"".......  Not all white women are bad or privileged...!.While the story line was somewhat interesting, I had to stop reading.  This actually put me to sleep.  I think George has simply run out of steam after a fantastic run with this series....  I may pick it back up again while in a doctors office..........or any similar place where you need something to pass the time...",
Three Stars,Very detailed not what I was looking for,
Nothing new,This book didn't really tell me much of anything I didn't already know.  Many of the photos look like the were old Mimeograph prints and were too dark to see.,
Two Stars,I WAS DISAPPOINTED IN THIS BOOK BUT IT IS PROBABLY GOOD FOR BEGINNERS.,
Utterly without charm,"This book is No Fun. There are no photographs whatsoever. The introduction reads like a really dry textbook. There is no explanation of who the author is or why she’s qualified to write this book. The font is miserable. The recipes are joyless. I’m sure this book suffers because I’m reading it after a day of reading more engaging cookbooks, but I don’t know why anyone would pull this off the shelf when any other southern cook book at all is available. I never would’ve chosen this had I seen the inside of it at a bookshop, and I regret buying it.",
An engaging mystery combined with empty dilemmas: it starts well but goes downhill. Not recommended,"Every day, Isserley drives the roads of the Scottish Highlands looking for beefy male hitchhikers to pick up--but not for the reasons that anyone would expect. Isolated from home, out of place among the hitchhikers, Isserley is the only link between two cultures. Under the Skin is a nightmare to summarize and even harder to review because the truth of Isserley's identity and role is a huge spoiler which is crucial to book's plot and message. Nonetheless it's safe to say: the first half of the book is an engaging, enjoyable, if imperfect mystery, but the second half is bogged down by impersonal identity issues and empty ethical quandaries. The book is a mixed bag: promising, well-intentioned, but ultimately flawed. I don't recommend it...Under the Skin is an odd beast: it's a fresh, unusual book, entirely well-intentioned, but littered with problems. It's also a beast to discuss without spoiling the story for potential readers--so this review may tend towards vague. The book falls approximately into two halves: before, and after, the revelation of Isserley's identity. Before is suspenseful: a slow journey through unexplained events and subtle hints builds up the mystery of Isserley's life and her true identity. This journey is so slow, in fact, that it sometimes drags; the outsider's perspective of Isserley's unsettling identity makes her a stranger to the reader, and so she's unfortunately unsympathetic. Nonetheless it's a hell of a ride: a mystery which grows stranger and stranger, drawing the reader in with a tangle of clues, startling him with the simple, yet utterly alien reveal. This half of the book is atmospheric and engrossing, fresh and unusual, and well worth reading...After revealing the truth of Isserley's identity, the book explores the nature of her in-between identity and the ethics of her role. (Vague, yes?) This section is well-intended but constantly faulted. Isserley's disconnected dual identity isn't sufficient alien (nor convincing), but nor (as mentioned above) is she sufficiently sympathetic, so her issues of identity are promising but ultimately unsatisfying. Her ethical dilemma is thoughtful, but it's ultimately too clear-cut and preachy to hit home. And the book entire has a weak plot--that no problem when there's suspense to propel the book, but the second half feels undirected, making Isserley's concerns seem more like navel-gazing that personal revelation. Finally, the book hash a cop-out ending which leaves a sour taste and makes Isserley's journey meaningless. This second half has potential and the best of intentions, but it's a disappointment. I'm not sure how Faber could have improved his book--shrinking the distance between Isserley and reader? taking a different angle on the impact of her identity? making her identity more believably alien? Regardless, I can't recommend a book which is only half good. As enjoyable as it's unfulfilling, as engaging as it's empty, Under the Skin is a mixed bag. Pick it up if you're curious, because there's some good to pull from it--but on the whole, I don't recommend it.",
Page turner but oh my!,"This is a real pager turner, juicy and great for a book club. The author served as lady in waiting to Princess Margaret, a chain smoking alcoholic who must be waiting on hand and (literally) foot. Her husband, dear Colin,  is one of the most appalling men ever. Though abusive, as an aristocrat, he can get away with (literally again) anything. Thank the lord we got rid of these people in 1776. We have problems in the USA but at least we don’t have to deal with aristocrats and royals.  Great read though!",
Thin book with common knowledge,"I’m not sure how this book got so many high reviews. It’s a very thin book with basic info that’s pretty much out there already, as far as marketing and social media, and target audience. The title is also pretty interesting because in order to get a million customers, you have to either have a million+ items to sale or have a million people shop with you, and that takes years to do.  Overall, this book wasn’t worth it to me. Seem like a book that should be free on the kindle app.",+
Didn't draw me in,"I have enjoyed Grisham's some of non-courtroom novels, but my this one however. It was not funny or interesting and didn't draw me in at all.",
Wish I haven't bought this.,"I should have gone to Lowe's or some place and flip through this book.  The book cover numerous topic, but only skims the surface on them.  You could find all the information in this book across the Internet for free.  But if you want something in your hand and all together then spend your money.",
Two Stars,I did not like the way this book was return - elementary short sentences,
Our most embarrassing export.,"Little more than a right wing diatribe extolling the virtues of the worst president in American history. A small man with a small mind, the author or the President, take your pick..Not proud to say he's Canadian by birth, but American every way else.",
Disappointed,"When I first purchased this book, nothing was said about rental, advertising sucks on this item. Very disappointed!!!",
Useless.  Don't waste your money,"I purchased this book with my InstaPot and was excited to start cooking.  In the past few weeks I have tried a few recipes from this book, a few from the InstaPot App, and a few from the internet.  All recipes attempted from the App or internet came out great; I have yet to have success with this book.  Two of the recipes so far had errors.  The recipes called for adding an unknown quantity of an ingredient that was not listed in the ingredient section.  Other recipes were vague and appeared incomplete.  I would not recommend this product.",
A post apocalypse second chance romance,"Audiobook Review - A Different Yesterday is a dystopian/post apocalypse where the sun has burned out and two childhood friends have reconnected and found love. As much as the story intrigued me and as much as I love Linda Mooney's writing, it was just meh for me. I'm not sure if it was the narrator or the story itself but I wasn't as in love with the story as I had hoped but give it a try and let me know what you think.",
Some good plot ideas. Fairly poor narration.,"The book didn't do much for me. The style of the storyteller is pretty boring; the characters are two-dimensional. I couldn't get rid of a feeling I'm reading a passage of a 6th grade textbook...Some of the plot ideas are neat; many others feel derived. Looking back, net sum, feels like a waste of time.",
Dumb ending.,I didn't think this book was scary or &#34;not for the squeamish&#34; or anything else I read in the other reviews.  It was a big build up for absolutley nothing.  Dumb ending.,
"Interesting location, good supporting characters, different time ...","Three months after the death of her father, Shannon Marshall is at loose ends with her life. For the past several years she cared for her terminally ill father and supported the two of them with a full-time job.  She's ready to embark on an adventure to fulfill a life-long ambition: to jillaroo on a sheep or cattle station. However, all advertised positions she runs across require previous experience she doesn't have. Not one is willing to take on a ""first-year."" No  worries! An old school chum's father is responsible for locating and recommending a jillaroo to one of his clients. The friend, Guy, convinces Shannon that she's a cinch to get away with pretending to know what's what once she got on site.  Of course, the masquerade goes nowhere under the scrutiny of the owner .....The character of Shannon starts out clear-eyed and level-headed in the beginning of the story. She's had to be to survive the last couple of years caring for her father and successfully holding down a job. Once on station, however, she becomes this whining, sarcastic, petulant child! Mark Seymour, the owner of Tuesday Park, is a Neanderthal. His answer to every ensuing conflict with Shannon is the threat of sexual abuse.  Written in a different time for a different audience where, perhaps, this was acceptable repartee. But I doubt it. The supporting characters felt very real though and placed in an interesting story and location let me give this one at least 2 stars.",
The ending is just awful for a kids book.,It's horrible for a kids book. Much too dark.,
Reads like a novel missing the point of defined dog training.,Needs a lesson in how to make a point succinctly..Found it very redundant and more story than lesson.,
Enjoyable,"I watched Terminator 2 at a very young age. (Why 2? Because it is obviously the superior one) I think that it made a huge impression on me. It single handily created my love of sci-fi. In Partials the enemy might not be straight up robots but I was just as intrigued by genetically engineered organic beings. Throw a plague in on top of that and you definitely have a book I must read. I went into Partials with high expectations...maybe they were too high because I loved a lot of things but I also had a few issues with it...The concept is brilliant. I loved everything about it. I'm always fascinated by post-apocalyptic settings and this one was done really well. I found the Partials to be interesting, although they didn't necessarily live up to the scary hype the characters built for them. This might sound odd but I enjoyed the plague aspect of the story as well, but the chapters where Kira was just doing medical tests and experiments were very, very tiresome. I didn't mind it at first but it goes on for a long time. This leads me to my first issue, I feel like the book could have been much shorter...I didn't love the characters, but I didn't dislike them either. Samm was probably my favorite. He was very mysterious. I liked him from the very start. I'm not sure if I was supposed to, but I found him very sympathetic...I also guessed a big secret plot point within 20 pages. Then it seemed like it took forever to be revealed. I don't usually mind if I figure things out quickly but the pacing was fairly slow and I got pretty impatient at times...I still enjoyed the story. I loved the world building and the overall concept of the story. I wish the pacing could have been a little faster but all in all I enjoyed the book. I'm definitely going to read the sequel. I think it will be even better!",
Well Written,This book is well written but is slow to get to the whole story. Subject matter is definitely not light. I would give it 3 1/2 if I could.,
Slow moving,"I really enjoyed Ghost in the machine and Devil in the details, but this one wasn't as good.  The characters are still well developed and interesting, but it was slow moving and I kept loosing track of the gist.",
Too chicken-soupish,"Sort of a non-fiction fictionalized version of his real life. Parts of it were ok, but the parts I did not like seemed too 'preachy' or schmaltzy to me. I guess overall-too sentimentalized.",
long book,I had a hard time reading this book. I actually never finished it. The parts I read drug on and on.,
Cartoony,I thought this was fairly realistic illustrations like the cover. But everything inside is very cartoon like and childish.,
Better for preschool age and up,"This book is okay.  My 15m/o is not too into it, even when I emote and try to imitate the emotions and facial expressions of the sheep.  Might be better for pre-school age.",
keeps you reading,"Enjoyed this, but ending was unclear. That was the intention I guess. I don't read much fiction so I read this pretty fast. The story was not too original, but presented well. the flashback transitions were smooth.  Keeps you reading, which I appreciated on my long ride home from the shore. Torn between 3 and 4 stars.",
Miniature book,This is a miniature book. I was disappointed that I paid so much for something so small. I wish Thinking Tree would uniform the book sizes because we do love them. I just don’t like being disappointed when I’ve purchased something. It’s a decent book other than not having the answers in the back or a word counted as a specific part of speech then not listed on the “parts of speech page” that’s specifically for that type. I might buy this if it were under $10 but not for more. I just don’t see the value.,$
Three Stars,It's okay,
A very low key plot,This story seemed implausible to me especially the part about nuclear fall out. Also most of the characters were just too perfect and the lodge run by college students not at all realistic.,
Does she give advice on how to avoid communicable diseases?,"Have not purchased book, have not read book...but this girl is an anti-vaxxer. Surely you can all do better things with your money. Donate it to a charity perhaps.",
celtic lenorman,horrible cards.. too many cards for the same thing. such as the birds. ridiculous!!.the man card number 28 looks like a samurai!! this is supposed to be CELTIC !!.stop diversifying white ppl  ... enough with liberal lunacy . I threw them in the trash,
Not What A Paint Technique Should Be,"Aside from the out of date, cheesy and lame styles that are in the book, the ""techniques"" are very general and don't really teach you how to do them. Don't waste your time.",
No recipes...just babble about sausage...,They should have been more clear about the content... there are pretty much no recipes at all.  There are pictures and lists of sausages from around the world....with no recipes....just musings and opinions on the sausages listed.  Not worth much really.,
"Average story, average illustrations","This book has a nice hard-cover exterior. The illustrations are not really very good, they are basically photographs of paper art. I guess perhaps some folks may like this kind of illustration, but to me I found it disturbing to the eye, basically because there were areas in the background of this paper art that wasn't done very well...On to the story. I didn't find the story too meaningful. There wasn't really any lesson to be learned here, in that the story didn't seem to have any lessons, or a meaningful ending, at least not that I could tell...It is basically about a town organizing a wild west show.",
The art is difficult to color without using markers or ...,"The art is difficult to color without using markers or gel pens. Lots of dark shading. However, there is interesting pictures to color.",
Angry Housewives Eating Bon Bons,"As a huge fan of Patty Jane's House of Curl, I had high expectations for Angry Housewives Eating Bon Bons. I love any books that center around a group of women and their friendships. Unfortunately, I was left somewhat disappointed with this novel. It did have its cute moments and it wasn't bad, but I didn't finish the last page loving it, like I did Patty Jane. Each chapter starts out with a different character who is hosting the Angry Housewives book club, lists what book she has selected and the reason it was chosen, which I thought was a cute touch. I think the reason I didn't love it was that none of the characters really grabbed me. Each of the five women had a very distinct personality, and their struggles were ones that I think women everywhere can relate to, but there wasn't anything overly unique about them other then their stereotypes.  I don't mind reading something that's been done before, but didn't find anything unique that really grabbed me with any of these women. I still adore Lorna Landvik and will eagerly await anything else she writes. The writing was excellent, I just didn't fall in love with the story.",
May be for you,"I don't particularly like leaving unpleasant reviews. However this book just wasn't to my taste. Its written very well, and has enough suspense to keep you easily entertained. However I only finished it because I paid for it. It was emotionally dark if I may say so. However, given you don't mind that, you'd find a very delightful read.",
Redundant,"This didn't need to be a book. The point is Ambition was once considered a vice for religious reasons. Remember, a for most of human history, people were born into a town and stayed their there entire lives. There were not possibilities like today...So, ambition was a vice. Now, with all the ways a person can improve his or her life, it is a virtue. This main point was presented in the 8 pages of the introduction and then beaten to death for the remainder of the book...If this is a research project for you, get the book. Otherwise, Amazon's &#34;Look Inside&#34; will give you enough to understand the history of Ambition...I regularly read non-fiction. Currently, I'm reading The End of Power by Moises Naim, and it is fascinating. Very worthwhile reading.",
One Star,"Did not like it, not my type of reading.",
"Good story, a little too long","This story was good to a point, but got way too long and tedious for me. And there are more in the series. It was well written with quite a few exciting scenes. The characters were engaging, easy to love/hate. The touch of magic was just enough, not overdone. But I feel like the book(s) should have ended before it did.",
Unconvincing Portrayal.,The Journey of Crazy Horse: A Lakota History is an unconvincing portrayal of the American Indian Crazy Horse.  Labeled as historical because of its use of oral tradition it fails to convince me this is what actually happened.  The book is slow and the narrative drags on and its hard to picture the scenes.  It is confusing and the author doesn't use any corroborating information so I would label this a fictional account of Crazy Horse's life.  It was not what I was looking for a book about Crazy Horse.,
The elite,"Very sweet book. I do enjoy YA and this is a little bit too &#34;teen-ish&#34; for my liking, but I am enjoying the story and will continue on with the series",
decent grammer book,"this is just with some exercises. what it does not do is give you reading exercises that reinforce what you learned in that chapter and practice previous lessons. Also there are some glaring editing issues, like he starts talking about the ordinal numbers (first second third) but forgets to actually tell us what they are or how they are formed. Even worse there the ""most complete textbook and work book"" doesnt include things like the future tense or all the conjugations of etre.",
Confusing,"The Italian tradition is wrong, sweets are in socks not in old shoes. How it is possible this mistake in the Wikipedia age? Why to mention a tradition without telling the simple truth???",
I couldn't even finish it.,"This book started off with great promise.  Now, I've read and loved other books by Ms. Jordan, but I'm not sure where she went wrong with this book.  I was fully involved with the hero and heroine - witty dialogue, chemistry jumping off the page ... but then when the book returned to England, it was like a completely new book started.  The heroine changed from a take charge kind of person, to a wimpy 'I don't know what I want.' kind of person, and it just lost me as a reader.  I put it down and moved onto something else.  This book had great promise, but didn't live up to it.",
Basic beginner's book only...too simple.,"Basic outline of each Bible book, but not enough info for me. Thick book, factual.  Just not enough facts for me.",
"Directions for clothing not clear enough, frustrating.","The directions for the clothing is very confusing.  My sister is a experienced seamstress, and she couldn't understand what the author meant.  We wound up just winging it!  The doll body was easy to do.  The rest was very frustrating.",
Not Loving It,Never could get into the book.  Very disappointed.,
Grounding,"Award-winning journalist Timothy Noah has reworked some insightful articles he wrote for Slate into a book titled, The Great Divergence: America's Growing Inequality Crisis and What We Can Do about It. The bulk of the book presents evidence for the first part of the subtitle. Any reader who thinks that income inequality is no big deal may be persuaded otherwise by the facts Noah presents. His prescriptions for change are covered in a single chapter, and represent a partisan political viewpoint that may lead some readers to cheer and others to stop listening. Any reader interest in current political and economic affairs should consider reading this book to acquire grounding in the facts of how we have arrived in the current state of wealth distribution...Rating: Three-star (Recommended)",
The book was lacking,"""Strength of What Remains"" was a reading selection for my book club and I was the discussion leader.  I read the book twice - once in print and the second time in audio. Because of the geography of Brundi, the audio version does not work well.  This is the 5th Kidder book that I have read and my least favorite.  It seems that Tracy Kidder got bored with the subject and wanted to fill the last pages with words.  The book really needs a map of Brundi and a time line for Tutsi/Hutu issues. I urge readers to research Brundi and Rwanda on the Internet and search on ""Strength of What Remains"" on You Tube. It will make reading a better experience. I good map of Brundi is hard to find on the Internet, but a map should be close at hand when you reed the book. BBC has an adequate time line on the Internet that will be a help.",
Poor quality paper,Very small font. Poor quality paper.,
... to give yourself a heart attack and very basic disgusting recipes.,Really unhealthy recipes if you want to give yourself a heart attack and very basic disgusting recipes.,
Does not work,I put a brand new 9 bolt battery in it and it does not work at all. I bought this in December but just got around to opening it on Feb 13 so too late to return it.,
I liked Dr Scarpetta,"The character of Dr Kay was what pushed the story and held it together like a tapestry of color and texture. Not infallible to her profession but professional enough to not be infallible made for quite a story in the search for a serial killer who took pleasure in what he did. Dr Kay recognized it and was horrified by it. My 3 star rating is due to a bit of a let down toward the end in an otherwise riveting story. It was like being led to what you thought was the top of a cliff only to look over to see it was a ditch. Other than that I would recommend it as a good, satisfying read.",
"I Do or Maybe I Don't, review by Sisterhood Book Club","Shana Johnson Burton's novel First Comes Love is an engaging tale of two best friends, London and Bernard.  Both have recently been dumped by their significant others and decide they needed a 'pick me up'. So they fly off to Vegas for a fun-filled weekend. Only to wake up the next morning with a hangover and a ring. A wedding ring! Unable to get a quick and easy annulment they arrive back in town to face London's very religious and 'psychic' grandmother, Essie. She notices the ring on London's finger and talks the two into working on their new nuptials stating that God intended for marriage to be forever. Bernard moves in with London and the emotional roller-coaster begins...First Comes Loves shows that marriage is nothing to take lightly. London and Bernard learns this lesson the hard way...through trial and error. I liked the message the book conveys, though some of the scenes appeared unrealistic...I give First Comes Love 3 1/2 stars..Iris Celeste.[...]",
No timing info,Does not contain timing info witch is what I needed this book it's useless to me ... junk,
Not Described correctly,"This item was described as normal wear and tear,however when I recieved the book, many of the pages were bent or had water damage. The book also looked like a child may have colored all over it. I can still read the articles I need which is why I kept it, but I do not recommend this supplier when purchasing books.",
Good news bad news are the Only words to this story!,No other words than the title...I was floored to see the ONLY words to this &#34;story&#34; are &#34;Good news&#34; or &#34;Bad news&#34;. Literally no other words on the page. Not the type of book I typically read to my 4 year old. I returned it.,
I think some of the weirdest parts of this book were the times when it was like the author was stepping back from the plot and .,"There were times when I thought this book might end up redeeming itself but that never happened. Ms. Auel just went too far in some places and not far enough in others...I think some of the weirdest parts of this book were the times when it was like the author was stepping back from the plot and describing something in modern day terms, especially things that would have been light years ahead of the things people of this time period would have been thinking about...I was given the next few books so I might eventually read the next one. If I didn't already have it I definitely wouldn't.",
Poor quality,I was disappointed in the quality of this. Save your money,
"Politics and plot diversions spoil ""thriller"" about ""The Boy""","Harlan Coben is certainly one of our A-list authors; we’ve devoured his entire booklist, well over 30 novels so far. While we like his Myron Bolitar series well enough, it’s these standalone thrillers that typically enjoy our highest ratings. However – not so with either his just prior novel “Run Away” or this one “The Boy…”. We liked the first hundred pages that focused on the boy, aptly named Wilde, and his past and current exploits concerning a missing high school gal. But then the plot descended into political rants about this crooked guy running for President, and some skulduggery and kidnappings associated with that. The story finally got interesting again during the last handful of the 40 chapters, suggesting a lot of filler in between. That said, some unanswered developments might just be a setup for a sequel…..This book almost would have made a better novella. Take out the politics, focus on Wilde, and if you need a kidnapping, maybe stick with the girl and her story, and forget about the rest of the characters. We may be in the minority, but to tell the truth, we expected just a little bit better this time out.",
"esta bueno libro,pero no me impactó.","Faltó ,creo; mas profundidad en el tema.Si lo recomiendo.",
Three Stars,The CDs keep getting “stuck” ...poorly cared for.,
Master recipe not working for me - too dense crumb. Troubleshooting steps lacking,"I did 3 batches so far. I like the book, but even with calibrated oven temperature, baking stone..., the crumb has always been way too dense..It's like a strong rustic french bread..So the jury is still out about the possibility to make a baguette with the recipe from this book...It's also lacking in details about the use of stand mixers (how long...). For example, the claim is no kneading needed. The gluten molecules align over time in the fridge. Ok, let's assume its right. I use a stand mixer to mix the ingredients. How many minutes should I use it? (with &#34;S&#34; kneading hook). 6-8 minutes like some online site say? 1 or 2 minutes only? Something different?..I have no problems with other recipes, with the &#34;master recipe&#34; for &#34;5 minutes a day&#34; doesn't work for me...The troubleshooting pages (2 total I think) are also really &#34;light&#34;..I think this book could be better with more focus on what to do if the results are not achieved. For instance, I'm not sure if I bake the bread too long or not. But internal temperature check seems right on the money (205F) when I stop cooking, and I get great crusts like on the photo.",
Adults may like this more than kids... but it's not code.org,"I am reviewing a copy of ""Star Wars Coding Projects"" By Jon Woodcock that I received at no cost through the Amazon Vine program...I know the purpose of this book is to get kids who are interested in Star Wars to start playing with Scratch to make their own apps. Scratch is open-source, fairly easy to get into if you (or your kids) have a little tenacity in downloading, installing and walking through the interface. It reminds me a little of javascript in the syntax though I've found my kids really like Blockly (and the related Star Wars games on code.org) better and find Blockly less frustrating than Scratch...The book itself uses pixel versions (and some screen grabs) from Star Wars properties to teach kids about Scratch. The games are roughly Star Wars _themed_ but aren't Star Wars based, per se. This won't teach you how to make the games on Code.org, despite that Kiki Prottsman (who wrote the foreword) was curriculum developer for Code.org until the end of August 2018. If that's enough to make you stop right here, then at least this has been an honest review...That said, some kids respond really well to Scratch and just having some familiar Star Wars characters nearby is enough to get them into it, and that's cool and this is a book for them. But I don't think this is something that your kids can just pick up and go with; they will need some help. Scratch isn't a perfect language and there's definitely some munging around that needs to be done to get applications to work as they're supposed to...Two stars for a book that should be called ""8-bit versions of Star Wars characters try to teach you coding.""",
Somewhat disappointing,"The bones of a Sherlock Holmes mystery are there.  What is missing is the drama, suspense and enough displays of Holmes incredible deductive reasoning to make the book really fun. Likewise we don't see any of Holmes treasure trove of exotic knowledge which he often drew upon in other stories to solve mysteries. This mystery was pretty straight forward, the killer predictable  and not particularly interesting and the comic relief was provided by a brash female American reporter who could be funny mostly because she was annoying. This book did not work for me.",
"Chilling at times, boring at others","CW: misogyny, homophobia, & suicide..I picked this up because the premise had me intrigued. I don't typically get too political when it comes to my blog because I don't read books that are heavy on politics, but it isn't a secret that I am pretty liberal. So reading the synopsis above had me hooked immediately and I knew I had to read this book...The only characters I really cared about were our main character, Jean, and her daughter Sonia. But  I don't think that's a bad thing because a lot of the characters aren't supposed to be super likeable, at least I don't believe so. Besides Sonia, Jean and her husband Patrick have three other kids, two twin boys that almost make no appearances, and an older son, Steven, who has been taught to be incredibly misogynistic and cruel to women, including his mother. I wanted to reach into the book and strangle Steven, he was so awful. Patrick drove me insane because of how complacent he was with everything. Working for the President, he tried to stop the movement of suppressing women's voices but he was too passive. I could see why Jean was frustrated with him all the time. I didn't care to much about any of the other characters because we didn't really get any chances to know them. And I super had no interest in the whole plot with Lorenzo...""Think about waking up one morning and finding you don't have a voice in anything.""..The overall plot was scary and realistic. The gradual transition from the world we know to the dystopian world we see in Vox seemed to feel natural and probable. I don't think we are on the precipice of this being our reality but I do think that this future isn't as far off as I would like it. The absolute helplessness Jean feels when it comes to trying to teach her daughter vocabulary (with both of them only having 100 words each a day) is incredibly frustrating to read. This kind of dystopian story is so much scarier to me than my normal zombie or children fighting to death in an arena dystopians because this feels like something that isn't a sci-fi or fantasy story. It feels like a warning. It makes me even more ready to speak out and to vote for the changes I want to see in this world...The average woman speaks about 20,000 words a day. The thought of that being cut to 100 words a day and the punishment being pain and humiliation is haunting. The women are seen as housemaids, cooks, baby makers. They punish anyone in the LGBTQ+ community and women are basically not allowed to have dreams or careers that do not involve their families. Their money is wired into their husband's bank accounts. This is all super terrifying. The book briefly talks about intersectional feminism and how important it is to have even more support for women of color. There is a biracial couple and the woman talks about her fear of being taken away from her white husband. Jean's privilege of not having that extra fear of being treated poorly for her skin color on top of being female was a really good conversation...""You can't protest what you don't see coming.""..However, there is a sudden hard genre shift. The tone gives you complete whiplash as the reader goes through a good half of the book where we are getting this story of what would happen in society if women lost their voices. Then because of a job offer Jean gets in return for her and her daughter being able to speak the genre goes into a very scientific and clinical storyline that I honestly had almost no interest in. I skimmed every time she was in the lab because otherwise I think I would have just DNFed it. And then, we go from this scientific tone to this action tone that seems to come out of no where. I think I would have not minded that if I hadn't lost so much interest earlier on. I think it really affected my enjoyment of the book and by the end I didn't care...I do think this is a good debut novel. It brings up a lot of interesting topics and discussions. Vox is a great book for a book club or a Women and Gender Studies or Feminism classes. Depending on what Christina Dalcher writes next I could see myself reading another book of hers. I found myself genuinely affected, whether I felt anger, fear, sadness, when it came to the topics and discussions mentioned in this story. It made me see things in ways I maybe hadn't considered. I felt the emotions [I assume] the author wanted me to feel and at times it was blinding...""'There's a resistance?' The word sounds sweet as I say it..'Honey, there's always a resistance.'""..Overall, I recommend this book to anyone who advocates for women's rights. If you liked The book/show of The Handmaid's Tale, this is definitely something to pick up. I may not loved this book as a whole but the parts I did love I really loved. Like I said, it made me want to speak up more about the things I believe in, and it definitely makes me even more motivated to keep being an activist for women's rights.",+
So why is this book on the best-seller list?,"This book has been on the best-seller lists for some time.  I wondered why.  It's a quick read and I did finish it.  However,  the story and the character development where a bit thin.  It's a fairly predictable suspense...I can understand the interest in it but it's just not that good a book...Read it if you can't get it at a bargain or free from your library.",
Not my type of foods,Sounded good but after looking through it I saw so many recipes called for ingredients I don't have or wouldn't use.  Will try to find someone who may use it or donate it.,
"No tension, no surprises","I started out liking this book but it became a drag very soon after. I skimmed a huge part of it and then started reading more carefully again near the end. I found the characters flat, stereotypical and the drama overblown. The subject matter is not a surprise, it's fairly obvious what the &quot;gimmick&quot; is almost immediately and the rest of the story is denial, longing and victimization. Would make a good soap opera. The ending was too pat. This has the bones of a good story but it doesn't have the depth to carry it off.",
its a good book but page 55 is dirty,its a good book but page 55 is dirty.i dont know if its printing error because replacement has same issue.,
"Something of minimal summary guide to alternative assets like gold, jewels","Something of minimal summary guide to alternative assets like gold, jewels, real property and more.  Depending on where we live in the world, it may be important to hold some or much of our wealth in alternative assets. This book is written with a political slant and does not cover in any detail of how much, when or where to acquire or sell highly illiquid alternative assets without paying large commissions. For example a pawn shop or gold store often takes a big slice off the top of every transaction. I recommend looking into a &#34;how to&#34; book on a specific physical asset class. I will simply state the obvious with most alternative assets. Have a contrarian view, for example buy gold or real estate when its hit a new five or ten year low and plan on parking the asset on a shelf in the basement. Gold is for a rainy day, don't stock up on gold after its started to rain.",
Strange,"There's a plot, but it's interwoven with strangeness.  I didn't really enjoy it, but I made myself finish it anyway.",
Controversy Becomes Cliche,"Glover's Mistake is about the love triangle between lonely, single David, his young roommate Glover, and Ruth, an eccentric, middle-aged artist...A Few Positives.- Ruth's daughter Bridget is probably the most dynamic, interesting character in the novel. Sassy, rebellious and intelligent she enjoys pointing out her mother's hypocrisies..- David's bitter sarcasm can be entertaining...The Negatives.- Controversy becomes cliche; blogging, snorting coke, older women dating younger men, religion, and modern art. Laird is trying too hard to connect with this generation. He instead should have picked one or two and really developed the issues..- The scheming that occurs in the second half of the novel is contrived and an obviously desperate attempt to add excitement to the plot..- The three main characters aren't interesting or well-developed..- Laird is trying to monopolize on the whole ""cougar"" trend currently occurring. This would be fine if he was being innovative about it- he is not. The relationship follows the exact trend you would expect...Unfortunately, I was very disappointed with this novel and would not recommend it.",
Don't buy,"Poor quality printing and the borders are SO big and, on many of the pages, the picture is so condensed that there's not much to color. A few of the pages are cute and usable but it's not worth the money overall.",
The test practice book is too hard and overwhelming for ...,The test practice  book is too hard and overwhelming for a fifth grader. It's not student friendly etc. Awful!,
Never used it,Not easy to use,
"Just case briefs, no other help. And it ...","Just case briefs, no other help. And it doesn't have a table of contents, making it really difficult to use.",
Disappointed,I love the book. But where is it? I know about covid 19 and the delays. But couldn't the seller provide info.  Disappointed.,
One Star,I did not like it.,
Lazy,"The author got lazy on this one.  Some of the chapters start of great with showing you the work.  However, you've got problems in here with just answers and no work shown.  I can get answers from the back of the book.  I need to be shown how to come to the correct answer.",
YUK!,"This is awful. She has made her $$$ on Twilight, at least she could give us Midnight Sun.",$$$
Author does not have permission to use cover photo,I don’t give a damn about the book but the author has pirated the cover photo and does not have permission to use it. I personally know this wonderful dancer and please support her in not buying this book.,
A dismal and disappointing waste of time,"Well... Gone With the Wind had &quot;Scarlett&quot;, Pride and Prejudice had &quot;Pemberly&quot;, and now The Secret Garden has &quot;Return to the Secret Garden&quot;.  I'm sure all three authors of these sequels thought continuing the story of a classic was a good idea.  I'm afraid Susan Moody has gone one step further and has completely destroyed the characters of a children's book!  I know life is not always a bed of roses, but it isn't always painful and horrid either.  There was no reason to give the characters horrible and depressing lives (some people do have happy existences, you know).  I have amused myself, thinking of how Susan Moody could continue the lives of the characters of the other Frances Hodgson Burnett children's classics.  Let's see..... Sara in A Little Princess becomes a heroin addicted prostitute, and meets up with and marries Little Lord Fauntleroy who is a drunkard that abuses her and her children ..... preposterous?  Of course it is.  And so is The Return to the Secret Garden.  Perhaps Susan Moody should have written this story with her own characters, instead of shattering the image of The Secret Garden.  But then, without the sentence &quot;If you loved Mary, Colin and Dicken....&quot; on the front cover, who would have purchased this book?  Bottom line:  This book is a waste of time and money.  Don't bother.",
Horrible.,"This book is pure garbage. Horrible recipes, horrible photography and good styling. UGH. I’m SO happy I only spent $3 on this. I threw it straight into the trash. It’s sad because their tailgating book (no longer available) is SO MUCH BETTER in every way. Based on this book alone you can see why even the authors website for muffin meals no longer exists.",$
but if your looking for stress reliever there are better ones out,It's okay..but if your looking for stress reliever there are better ones out there,
Needs Proofreading!,"The book contained very valuable and useful information. Unfortunately, it needed a lot of proofreading, as it had numerous spelling and grammatical errors!",
Good Info,"This book is full of good information, but it is not for a mom & pop start-up.",
Generic three ring binder with BLANK coin pockets - returned it!,"Generic three ring binder with BLANK coin pockets, no way to label the pockets, nor are there the right number of pockets for the number of lincoln cents (for all dates/mints). This is in no way usable, so I returned it.",
"Compact, typical LP book but needs better editing","I feel that ever since I started buying Lonely Planet books 25 years ago, they have been in a slow free fall in terms of quality and editorial creep from fact driven books about what to see/do to narratives and essays...As for the book itself, it primarily covers Belize, Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua, Costa Rica and Panama. It also covers the Yucatán and is filled with helpful information with the standard hotels, restaurants and other attractions. When doing spot checking between this and a slightly older version of the Rough Guide for Central America, I felt like Rough Guide had a little more detail...I think what irked me were the little things: referring to treaties as “occupations” and little glaring errors that could have been spot checked. The writings seemed like they didn’t flow well in spots, and with so many contributors it’s difficult to even out the book. Overall, it’s a good enough travel book I’d you insist on only having a single source of information, but I’d lean towards Rough Guides.",
Blech,"Bad.  Just bad.  As a reading teacher, I can tell you there is so little that is realistic about this.  A brand new elementary principal who acts like this?  Never.  Is school security important?  Absolutely.  So is building relationships and establishing a positive culture.  This was just so unbelievable I could barely finish.  I tend to read thrillers/mysteries and this reminded me why.  Disappointed in the wasted Hours I will never get back.",
Tiny,I returned the books because the print was so tiny. I should have paid closer attention to the description. The quality of the books seemed fine.,
Too much of a slog,I’ve read and enjoyed several of Picoult’s books but the last two were no-go for me. The Book of Two Ways was far more boring history lecture than fiction and I just couldn’t slog through it - and I enjoy history and linguistics! Very disappointing.,
Bad idea - selling a calendar from last year,Huge dislike - calendar was from last year. Never thought that Amazon would be selling something that was no longer useful so never dawned on me to check the date.,
Haven't read it yet (correction)..I am currently  reading this and I'm taking away a star.,"Haven't read it yet. BUT  its nice and floppy and the cover art is nice. EDIT: I AM CURRENTLY READING THIS.  I'm 6 chapters in and I HATE  literally all of these characters.  I originally thought that I would rate this 3 stars (for author effort). But I've changed my mind.  2 🌟.  This is a DARK ROMANCE, so I expected to hate everyone in this story.....And I indeed do. So, in that respect I'm getting what I expected. Also, this book starts off really slow. Don't expect a fast paced read...BECAUSE its not. Will I finish this book? Yes.  Will I read it more than once? Probably not honestly. Would I recommend reading this book? Only if you really like dark romance. One Last thing...So there's a trigger warning note at the beginning of this book.,I would definitely recommend heeding that note of trigger warnings if you are of a sensitive mind/nature.  DARK ROMANCE ISNT FOR EVERYONE.  THIS review may make it sound like its not for me....thats not entirely true...I've read some that I really enjoyed. For me ,this book is just OK/average.",🌟
Adam Warlock Really Is Dead,"Sometimes nostalgia doesn't pay.  No disrespect to Starlin, but this story didn't hold up well through time. Also, the constant recap and whole breaking the 4th wall narrative every issue is annoying beyond belief. Considering the decision once again to ignore source material in the present Marvel Universe, the original story of Adam Warlock is doomed to suck. Too bad, the story set forth in Amazing Tales was actually pretty darn good. Nobody cares except for me and a handful of old timers...You can't go home again- I returned this book for full credit. Actually made me a little sad, sorry Jim.",
The author needs to read the federalist papers,The author needs to read the constitution and then the amendments carefully. The first and second and continuing amendments don't grant rights to the people of America. All they do is reiterate the fact that these rights are god-given and can't be impinged upon by the government for any reason..Also the ending scene where McGill let's his nemesis come into the room and confront him is totally unrealistic. Anyone that did that would be a total idiot. Machismo personified.,
Good,"This book was very good, buy it didn't have all the religions I wanted to learn about.  I was actually very surprised it had nothing on Mormons.",
You get what you pay for...,"I downloaded the free Kindle edition of this story and you definitely get what you pay for.  I've never read a book by this man before, and definitely won't again.  The writing was juvenile, boring, and lacked substance.  It felt like a teenager was writing it, someone who had never published before in their life.  To think this man is on the N.Y. Times Bestseller list just shocks me.  His characters are flat and lack any kind of evolution.  The concept seemed good, just poorly played out.  The whole book, plot and characters both, were more than predictable.  If you like to know the ending after only one chapter in, this is the book for you!  If you prefer something with substance, look elsewhere.",
Disappointing.,"The book is a disappointment.  While I did note there us an Audio CD to buy I thought there would be one included for the listening exercises in the book.  The price of the Audio CD is ridiculous and I have personally never purchased a book that does not have one included.  Also, there is no answer key.  I am going to ask for a refund because the information is misleading and the book is not suitable as sold.",
Hero More Like Super-Villain,"I can't believe so few people have mentioned Cash's comment about rape!!!  Cash is definitely NOT the type of hero I go for, but I was able to tolerate him until he made this comment to the heroine (and I quote) ""I should have raped you when I had the chance!""  WHAT?!?!?!  If he had said that to me, he would've gotten a kick in the family jewels.  After that comment, I set the book down & was very tempted to get rid of it.  I couldn't believe the HERO would make a comment like that.  He's an alpha male, yes.... but that statement crossed way over the line..The only reason I give this book 2 stars instead of 1 is because I find the setting to be very interesting.",
Mixed feelings,This is the first time I’ve read an anthology also the first time ready anything by most of these authors. Really didn’t know what to expect..For me things started out really slow and I had a hard time getting into the book. The middle stories I enjoyed. The final story I didn’t care for at all. I found the explicit sex totally unnecessary to the story. After the first couple sentences I skipped the rest of that chapter. While I love stories with twists in them I found this one to just be too weird and far to rushed..Thank you to the authors for allowing me to read an advance copy.,
Buy it for your next book burning party.,"I suspect this is a dog whistle to their far right base. Poorly written with little understanding of how things work, I learned only one valuable lesson from this book -- it was a waste of money.",
Not for complete noobs,"I have a minimal understanding of Shogi and a decent vocabulary, but this book is a step or two above me and lost in technical terms and charts. I'd recommend reading other, more beginner-oriented discussions of shogi strategies before diving into this, though it is regarded as one of the best resources for refining your technique",
Childhood to Adulthood,Enjoyed learning more about her inner thoughts and her background and how her upbringing influenced her decisions in life,
INACCURATE,"The Guts and Glory books are historically inaccurate, they have poor language, but worst of all they indicate a full refund but only give you half your money back!  Don`t buy them!",`
"It was well-written, lots of detail, interesting....","... but certainly not scary. Or maybe I am just jaded and nothing scares me anymore...I also did not like the end, don't like hanging in the air with the threat of the return of whatever is menancing...I will read other books by the authors, seems to be a good and interesting writer...Just wish I could find something really scary to read....",
"It was okay, but i was somewhat disappointed",It is okay. It is missing some MAJOR emergency intoxication procedures such as ethylene glycol and xylitol both of which are common occurences. The ones it does list sre pretty accurate but i was disappointed to find it did not cover these,
Why so much objectification of women?,"Ok, it was a pretty good story for reasons many have mentioned, with an interesting main character and lovely setting. However, there was a feature that became so annoying over the course of the saga that it detracted from my enjoyment: every time a female character enters the picture, Jules rhapsodizes for pages on end over the details of her body. The first time or two could pass as sweet and romantic but the endless repetition of this objectification of women of various ages make the seventy-four year old cellist seem pathetically obsessive.",
Too trashy for words.,"Nelson Demille has gotten deeply into trash.  This book could  not be filthier.  Some of his other books are worth readin , but not this one.",
"Should have been fascinating, but wasn't","Normally, I enjoy books about real people and their adventures, but unfortunately, I found myself reading it just because I had to and not because I wanted to. I think part of the problem is that is it neither a fictionalized account nor a straightforward biography, but something in between that gets muddled in the mix. As it is, I found the characters portrayed in a cold and uninteresting manner, even though they should not be, with little ""life."" Sanderval moves from point A to point B with little to make it interesting, although it should be fascinating. instead, it is a dry accounting of what happened lacking color to make the characters come to life...Obviously, the author has put in a great deal of research into the story of both Sanderval and the African civilization he wants to 'civilize.' I am glad others enjoyed the book, but for me I gave up about a third of the way through and cannot recommend it.",
"Repetitious, limited, critical the magazine articles told you more","OK so I went ahead and pre-ordered Steve Jobs biography figuring that it would provide some insight and ideas on his experiences, how they shaped his life and some insight on perhaps the most creative business life over the past 50 years.  While Isaacson can write, even good writing cannot cover up an essentially repetitious an unrevealing book.  This is particularly disappointing given that Jobs and his contemporaries were alive and accessible to Isaacson...Here is..Be demanding, very demanding, persistent and do not take no for an answer..Your first reaction to anything new is that it is sh t and that you can do better..Repeat the prior step, until it meets your standards.Apply the same principles to your diet..Control everything because that is the only way you can ensure that things are done to your satisfaction..Believe that is all ok, because the end result is great and the ends justify the means right?..Believe it or not I am a fan of Steve Jobs, I love the Apple products and I value someone who is willing to create a little discomfort to have people do more than what they think is possible...The problem I have with the book is that it just repeats this same pattern, over and over again.  In some cases it repeats the same text almost verbatim, Job's opinion of Obama, the discussions of open vs. closed systems and several others...Isaacson admits in several places that Jobs really did not learn or develop much as a person throughout this life, the changes that did happen as he became a father, etc. were subtle and even in the midst of a life changing illness when people thought he might change, it was just repeat the cycle above...That is a weak analysis of an undeniably rich life.  And while I did not mind reading the book, I found the articles in Time, the Economist, Bloomberg and other places far superior to the book...Job's impact is undeniable as I write this on a MacBook Pro, read the book on an iPad and have my iPhone at my side.  Such a life deserves more introspective approach and analysis rather than a calendar based chronology of the same process mentioned above as a child, college student, early inventor, company founder, company failure, and company reborn...Job said that he supported Isaacson to the extent that he wanted his children to know him.  It's a statement that harks back to Randy Pausch and the last lecture; the only point was that Pausch's children were too young at the time to know what was going on, so Pausch poured himself out in the lecture to show his children who he really was.  I only wish Jobs and done the same, or that came through in this book...I am a Jobs fan so I purchased and read the book without looking at the reviews, and if you are fan you will discount this review as well...However, if you are interested in this life, its meaning, values, critical moments and impact, th",
3rd book misprint,Bought the series because I hate waiting for my next book when I am done. I am finally on book 3 and I have a misprint! The book goes from page 320 to 353! Very disappointing. Still have to give 2 stars because this series is fantastic but I’m furious right now!,
Good read if you stay with it,Book was ok but I thought the some of the people in the book were stupid.  Who would go back to a party of 20 years when someone was killed and you were considered persons of interest?,
Harlaqin Laced Period Piece,"As I started the book it was not particularly interesting at all to me, although I'm rather fond of period pieces. I continued on and soon.lost interest when I realized that this book contained overt detailed descriptions of the acts between the female slave owner and her female slave..Naturally in any slave story there is expected to be reference to some kind of non consenting relationship in most cases. However,.this book appeared to be going down the path of a Harlaqin Love Novel in it's detail of such acts and that is not what I was looking for in a period piece at all.  That aside  the book does highlight a different aspect of slavery ownership, and the whole degrading and demoralizing institution of slavery and how it affects the minds of the oppressed.",
Could have been a really good resource...,"...for teaching writing...basically, the pupil is taken through the stages of writing a fantasy tale...however, proper utilization requires separate sheets that are available ONLY with the teacher's edition and CD...and of course, that costs somewhere around eighty bucks...it COULD have been a great resource, but thanks to the publisher's greed, it is basically unavailable to homeschoolers on limited budgets...",
Jane's characters,My thoughts are that when you use Jane Austen's characters they should be as close as possible to Jane Austen's characters.  If you want something different then create you own characters with their own names.,
Would Not Recommend to Others,"Boats, Blisters, and Frostbite is about global exploration, though honestly it focused mainly on European exploration of the planet with some sections dedicated non-Europeans.  This barely over 200-page book is filled with illustrations and text meant to inform, however when one of the first images appears to be an Australopithecine and is labeled as a Neanderthal that intent comes into question and later on in the book the author calls Neanderthals and Denisovans as proto-humans which my limited knowledge of the subject is incorrect as they are considered extinct human species.  Even though human evolution isn’t the main topic, the carelessness in researching alone makes the reader question if what their reading is accurate especially as the author would put down that the Viking made it to Rhode Island when there is no actual evidence yet that is the case—I’m not saying it isn’t plausible.  Frankly this book has legitimate facts that is surrounded by questionable stuff both written and illustrated that I would not recommend it to others.",
Good Book but not one of the best of PENDERGAST.  The villain was a little unbelievable.,Pendergast was Pendergast.....with his typical quirks that I love... THE plot was not one of his best..... I have read all of his books.  I always wait anxiously for the next one.  It will be better I am sure.  I hope.,
Too many facets,"After doing so much writing, maybe Brin wanted to depart from the linear narrative that one always expects, but this novel is so scattershot that you have no inkling where it is headed. Which would be fine if there were a satisfying revelation waiting to pull everything together. Alas the closest thing to that is the underwhelming conclusion that makes the reader question if the journey was worth it. On the plus side, there are many thoughts provoked along the way, mostly having to do with what 'existence' really does consist of, but the narrative is poorly served by elements that the author reveals in the afterword were recycled from earlier writings, along with his 'uplift' scenario. If its classic Brin you're looking for I think you can afford to give this one a miss.",
Author's perspective is disappointingly slanted to the hard left,"I am a great fan of [[ASIN:0393059278 The Well-Trained Mind: A Guide to Classical Education at Home, Revised and Updated Edition]], a book which Ms. Bauer wrote with her mother, Jessie Wise. Ms. Wise home-schooled this author and allowed her intellect to flourish. Unfortunately, she did not protect her from (or perhaps actively exposed her to) ugly, anti-freedom, anti-capitalistic ideas...Think I'm exaggerating? Well, check out these passages:..Of [[ASIN:817224164X Mein Kampf]], she says that it's eerie to see Hitler's racist rants alongside other National Socialist goals that ""seem quite reasonable."" Then she says, ""the twenty-first century may have rejected Hitler's doctrine of racial purity, but his techniques of propaganda are still much in use."" Not by the federal government, of course, but by evil capitalists! ""They have been turned to the service of the market, rather than the nation-state."" Nation-states don't engage in propaganda? Really?..Of the [[ASIN:1438241569 The Communist Manifesto]], she says it's ""difficult to argue with"" Marx's description of how capitalism exploits workers ""in a world where every family restaurant cowers before the golden arches."" She rejects his political program in favor a mixed-economy welfare state, though...Worst of all, she totally misses the point (or ignores it) of [[ASIN:0452284236 Nineteen Eighty-Four]]. To Bauer, Orwell's classic is not a condemnation of the state (which she slavishly adores), but of ... advertising! Can you believe this? ""Orwell's hell on earth didn't come about in 1984. But in his chilling, detailed version of a world where both mind and will can be manipulated by large and powerful institutions, he was decades ahead of the postmodernists and their condemnation of our advertisement-driven society.""..Speaking of 1984: The page count of this book is padded by entirely worthless summaries of the books covered. They don't just give you a feel for what the book is about -- they give away the entire story in less than a page. For example, the 1984 synopsis *SPOILER ALERT* tells you that O'Brien works for Big Brother, that Winston is captured, and that he eventually caves in the emotional climax and tells the state to put his lover Julia's head in with the rats instead of his own. She spills all of this! I was afraid to read the summaries of any of the books I hadn't read yet...This book is not entirely worthless. Some of the tips on how to get more out of your reading are quite good, and the book lists are good, too. Of course, they're chosen with a leftist/communist bent, but since leftist/communists dominate the culture, it's important for educated people to know what poison they purvey. But please, supplement your Galbraith with Murray Rothbard and your McPherson with some good revisionist Civil War history...In all honesty, you'd be much better off the check this one out from the library, copy down the book lists, and then read Mortimer Adler's [[ASIN:0671212095 How to Read a Book (A Touchstone Book)]] for the limited amount of good stuff contained in this book. It is very depressing to see that Ms. Wise-Bauer ended up with even worse, more perverse ideas about history and economics than those poor children who are subjected to statist programming at government indoctrination centers.",
Hard to read typesetting,This book may be an interesting read but the sentences are broken up randomly. Very hard to read. The content may be good but the formatting threw me off.,
Three Stars,"So, so.",
Reaching the point,"Finally this book approaches the subject I thought it was taking forever to approach.  I do find the titles of this book and the one before it have little to do with the story if anything at all. I am however completely wrapped up in the character, Amy.  It amazes me how women had to hide their pregnancy  and not go out in public.  I know it can't be far from the truth because I can remember when I was in highschool teachers couldn't teach when pregnant and  unwed mothers were sent away to hide the shame.",
Meh.,Book arrived warped.  Too simplistic even for my 2 year old.,
Very disappointed,Very disappointed. I LOVE Jodi Picoult. I ha e read and loved every one of her books. I can’t get through this one. I still haven’t finished it. I can’t bring myself to try any longer to read it.,
Poor quality,This book has very poor font quality and is not at all like the Treasure books I remember from childhood.,
Not What I Expected,"Ok but not what I expected. I wanted a few simple ingredients, may some healthy choices. Recipes call for lots of salt and high calorie sauces. Will be relegated to the recipe book bone yard upstairs. Buy wisely.",
This book didn't work for me,"THE END OF THE OCEAN had a promising premise - dual timelines, two POVs and a mystery behind that linked all these elements...While the synopsis grabbed my attention, the story started very slow and kept this pace mainly throughout the book. I got frustrated waiting for something more impactful to happen. The writing was good and descriptive plus the topics approached were important (family, survival, climate change). That being said, I felt disconnected with the characters and the storyline felt mostly flat. I ended up skipping few pages in order to find a reason to make me invested in the story. At last, the execution left a lot to be desired...Unfortunately, this book didn't work for me...[ I received an ARC from BookishFirst in exchange for an honest review ]",
Average product with a lot of enthusiasm,"As a retired military member who just completed a masters degree, and very eager to start the next chapter in life, I was excited to give this book a shot after hearing about it on the Cleared Hot podcast.  The stories were entertaining, the motivation was inspiring, but the message was extensively redundant with inflated titles and accomplishments. The first half of the book was worth the read while the second half became dry and repetitive. Great message in the end overall, and I do not regret purchasing the book.",
One star for Kindle price,"I mean come on, $13.99 for a book that's been around over sixty years? I don't own a kindle but I have the app on my phone, and I'll certainly never pay money for a kindle just to then on top of buying that have to pay fourteen dollars for a book. It's absurd.",$
Hit or Miss Content,"The idea for this book was interesting, and I wanted to like it more than I did. Some chapters were very interesting; some rambled; others were on topics that lacked depth. Overall, the content was hit or miss and I think each reader will take something different away from it.",
Don't Read if You Like the Book Series,If you loved the Bridget Jones books then this will be a real let down. This book was written to go with the movie Bridget Jones's Baby and not written to go with the book series. Helen Fielding wrote it after she wrote Mad About a Boy and the two books don't even feel like their a part of the same series.,
A total waste of time,"I would say that there's very little in this book that is great. It's insulting and condescending to &#34;older people.&#34; I didn't finish reading this book as the things it suggests that older people do, are allowed to do, or can't do just made me angry. I know a lot of older people, quite a few in their nineties, who don't nap all day, who still go out and do interesting things, who don't eat dinner at 4:30 in the afternoon. I doubt that even one hundred years ago that many of the things this book implies about older people would be relevant...Some examples:..Going to bed is simpler now that you can fall asleep in your chair..When you talk, people call it oral history..You are expected to undertip..Hospitals and Fabulous Resort Offer Many of the Same Great Amenities (Capitalization from the book)..You have time to watch all the games on TV..Don't waste you time on this book. Go find a better one to read, or go do something useful. This book is flat out absurd...I received this book as a birthday gift from a friend who, I'm pretty sure, didn't bother to read it before gifting.",
"Good, But Does Not Stand Out Among Other Novels In The Genre","St. Martin's Press and NetGalley provided me with an electronic copy of Anything For You.  I was under no obligation to review this book and my opinion is freely given...A call to the police about a would-be intruder ends in the discovery of a murder.  The victim is Adam Grant, a respected San Francisco prosecutor and a man with a personal connection to homicide detective Valerie Hart.  Vowing to keep her personal feelings to herself and solve the mystery, Valerie lets the investigation take her down a dark path to the eventual discovery of the responsible party...I liked Anything For You, but I was not really fond of the character development or the predictable plot.  Too many liberties were taken with regards to the police investigative process and I really did not like the ending.  Valerie's past with Adam was a necessary part of the story, but the rest of her personal life just felt like filler.  Overall, I was not shocked or stunned by the events as they unfolded and, in retrospect, I did not particularly like Valerie Hart herself.  In a genre full of great police procedural thrillers, Anything For You just did not stand out.",
DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK (Get the new 4th edition instead!),"There's a new edition of this book ([[ASIN:0395935962 Peterson Field Guide to Mammals of North America: Fourth Edition (Peterson Field Guide Series)]]), and it's fantastic!  This third edition, however, is terribly outdated and not at all worth buying anymore.  Buy the 4th edition of the book, completely redone by Fiona Reid.  The new one has new color plates, more complete and updated natural history info, and colored range maps interspersed within the species accounts, instead of at the back of the book.  It's the book I require of my students in the Mammalogy lab I teach at a university.",
Would have been a great book.,Too much pornography. Would have been a great book.,
tOO TOO SOON TO TELL....,tOO  TOO SOON TO TELL.... NOT READING LATELY,
Poorly made,"We LOVE the Storybots and books so this was a must have for my daughters birthday. Sadly, the book is very poor quality. Feels like it’s going to fall out of the spine at any given moment . It won’t last long , especially if you have a toddler. But it’s a cute book, just not well made",
"It's got a good beat and you can dance to it, but jeezley crow, that accent is WRONG!","Lots of characters. Had I read the physical book instead of listening on Audible I may have had less trouble keeping them straight, but still not that difficult as I listened.  A lot of similarity to Stephen King's previous novels (this Constant Reader doesn't tire of that).  I enjoyed the result of the Kings collaboration..Overall, a good story...HOWEVER, though I enjoy Marin Ireland as a narrator, and mostly chose to listen to this book because she narrated, Ms. Ireland's ""West Virginian"" accent is brutally inaccurate!!  As a native West Virginian, I need Marin and the Kings to know: NO ONE speaks in the hokey accent she used in her dialogue.  Several times, I came close to chucking the book, but I did plow on and came to realize, after listening to it and the following authors' interview completely, that Ireland isn't entirely at fault for her inept interpretation of the West Virginian accent (although, come on, Marin, you really must do a modicum of research on speech patterns/accents before you narrate books).  It is evident that the root problem for the terrible accent she uses is the authors' lack of research about Appalachia (pronounced App-ah-lah-cha, Steve and Owen).  This is revealed both in the writing of good portions of the dialogue and in the authors' interview...NOTE TO THE KINGS:  Wheeling, WV newscasters DO NOT mispronounce words by leaving out syllables, thus making them sound like uneducated rubes.  If you are tired of 'doing Maine' (reference the father/son interview), PLEASE do more thorough research of the indigenous peoples' speech patterns in the area in which you are setting your story.  You nailed the beauty of the mountains, the backward way many small-town folks live and behave, the ingrained beliefs and prejudices, the small-town inertia which keeps natives living in the hills for generations, the hopelessness which drives young people from their mountain homes, but! good grief! the characters' wretched pronunciations almost overshadow the decent story you wrote.",
Three Stars,It's alright.,
Bargain book shelf,"Paid 50 cents for this off the ""must go rack"".Horrible - long winded and without either purpose or comprehension..There is a reason it is out of print ( and alone on the bargain rack ).Save your money and time",
more like victorian,"Too slow and the verbage was too verbose for a wetern, more like victorian writing",
FALSE PRODUCT INFORMATION. THIS IS NOT A FACSIMILE.,"BUYER BEWARE.  I was led to believe that the book was a full facsimile of the original. (“This is the full facsimile text of the report of the Commission…”) This is not true. All of the photos and the captions from the original book are missing, and the photos and the captions had a lot to say. One of them actually shows a Negro man being stoned to death by a couple white teenagers. Additionally, the book is cheaply printed. The text itself is muddy and difficult to read, nothing like the original. The cover has no similarity to the 1922 book. I had downloaded this book from Project Gutenberg and read it on my kindle for free. I wanted a print copy. I regret that I wasted my money. This print copy is not a facsimile, far from it.",
Not worth reading,"I tried to like it. The first half is very repetitive. The plot and book is so predictable. An 8th grader could have written it.  If you want to read a book about a sports obsessed town and how they react to a rape by the star of the team, read Missoula by Jon Krakhauer. It’s much better.",
Thought I was getting a new book gotta used book from the library,"The book did it start, but I was buying it for our library, and it came in with the previous libraries stuff all over it.",
More psychological than historical,"Using history as the stage, this book is impressionistic look into the minds and hearts two women. Harriet has experienced a lifetime of loss and assaults on her soul that have sapped her of life's color and joy.  Maeve too has had her share of struggles but has not allowed them to so dramatically narrow the scope of her interests and activities. The author focuses less on the details of the decimation of Coventry than the meaning of it for 3 people which may explain the contrived yet engaging story line.",
dialog was too contrived,"I have not read any of the other mysteries int his series but I was not impressed. Although the plot was interesting and the pace was good, the dialog and characters seemed to be too contrived and unreal.",
"The headline/description of these being ""lined"" is extremely misleading","These are just regular sweatpants, not lined at all like the description would have you believe. Save your money and get the regular sweatpants at the store for at least $10 cheaper. These will be going right back since I am looking for a thicker pair of sweatpants for winter for an ailing older gentleman. I cannot recommend these ""Woodland Supply Co. Men's Fleece Lined Active Sweatpants"". They are NOT lined at all. They are just a single layer of fabric, and not a heavier weight fabric either. Very disappointing.",$
I was Disappointed,"The book was one sided, it was not belief the cover fools you into thinking it is for all witches when actually it is for Gregorian belief",
description of 50th anniversary book would be helpful,A description and or photos of the inside of the 50th anniversary memory book would be good to know what to expect inside. There are plenty of sheets but many have spaces for pictures and to write stories. It wasn't what I was expecting. More description of the content would be good to know if I would even purchase it. I returned it because it wasn't what i was expecting.,
Just ok,Book was meh.  I bought the second in the series not sure I want to listen/read it.  Live and learn.  I thought Jessie was whiny.  I don’t know she all that interesting or intelligent.,
No bad but there are much better witch fiction books out there,The book was fairly well written but I did not like the initial portrayal of witches' talents coming from dark forces.  There are much better witch fiction books out there.,
Alternate protagonist from a long ago favorite author not really that pleasing,"As a young adult, and dominant in our post-college leisure reading, our favorite stories were undoubtedly the some four dozen Nero Wolfe stories by Rex Stout, written mostly from 1934 to 1975. We somehow just discovered that Stout authored a second series, again about a detective, one Tecumseh Fox – a set of just three tales written right around 1940. “Double” is the first of the three, which are now difficult to secure...However, we were not particularly impressed. The plot revolves around two deaths in just a couple of days, with a bevy of suspects and clues; and mostly incompetent police and DA officials providing a foil to Fox’s keen sense of logic and ability to run around deciphering events. We found it difficult and not particularly entertaining trying to keep track of everything and everybody, and for a while thought the whole thing was perhaps some sort of farce. It did resolve into a fairly typical whodunit with a ""grand reveal"" at the end reminiscent of the Nero Wolfe endings...While not horrible, the novel was definitely not pleasing enough to seek out the other two.",
Two Stars,not much help,
Hardly touches the Shadowland story,The non-Shadowland story is interesting...but felt undercooked. The Shadowland storyline is almost completely irrelevant to the over all story. I like the author but was terribly disappointed.,
I really do like his writing style,"I really do like his writing style, but wasn't wild about this particular book. Mainly because Claypole, the main character got on my nerves. He was at times rude, condescending, and just, well...stupid! He was weak and pathetic and I just didn't like his personality.",
It was pretty good - (pro MUA),"It's a decent book that tells you the basics of some of the star trek aliens. Good for fans or MUAs who want to recreate looks. However, since the subject is dated, the techniques are a bit dated as well, and not all of the aliens are covered, which was disappointing.",
Worthless! Spend your money elsewhere.,"This book is worthless, and the title is intentionally deceptive, in my opinion.",
Good but,I love the moonstone bay series and this one was okay but it did drag a little while others have not. It did answer some questions i had. It also held the promise of exciting future books. This not quite as good book didn't put me off on the series. I just wouldn't recommend it as a first book of the series,
Decent but no “wow” to it,"I read this book because I saw so many “ page turning reviews “ .Well it was okay but not page turning for me .I didn’t love it but I didn’t not like it either ,The storyline had potential but it just didn’t explain enough to all the why’s ! Even at the very end I had questions .It wasn’t a clever story so I sorted it out but I really wanted to know more than I was told .I really wanted to understand the motivations of the perpetrator.So many why’s not completely clear !Not a waste of my time but I wouldn’t tell all my friends to run out and get the book .",
I didn't enjoy this is at all,This book was very unbelievable. I didn't enjoy this is at all.,
Wasn’t impressed,"Lots of patting herself on the back, not a lot of useful information",
"Exciting, easy to read for 10-12 year olds.","As a teacher, I used this novel with my 6th graders early in the school year.  It had lots of adventure, a little suspense, and humor.  It was a good starter novel for the year.",
"Not good, just okay.  Very ok.","Lots of info in here for the car.  Some things like changing brakes are covered in detail and after following along I was able to do as a novice without issue. *..However, the pictures are all black and white and are considerably low quality.  I would be quite hesitant to use this book to do any major repairs on changes as the book seems to go over most every job in roughly the same amount of page space.  That is, despite the fact that changing something related to the drive train is a huge undertaking.  It would seem that for some small stuff, this book helps.  For the big stuff, you are going to need something far more comprehensive...*To be specific I changed out the parking brake shoes that reside inside the rear rotors.",
1997 nissan truck,Book didn't have good information in it.  Most information was very general and/or just didn't apply to my truck.  Waste of money at any price.,
Not bad....,"Not great but not terrible. I felt like the info in this book didn't pertain very much to the actual CMA exam. My coworker gave me a study guide from her school which helped a lot, and thankfully I passed. On a positive note, this book is good at explaining information.",
not attractive,cover curled quickly,
Glorified Shopping List; Needs Included CD To Make Sense,"It comes with a CD-Rom, but I was unable to install the 1995-era software on my system (I think due to x64 architecture).  This meant the book was it, and as a book, it is BORING.  The authors convey information in the form of bulletined lists, without elaboration.  This means they dump loads of information without spotlighting which parts are important, or where to concentrate resources.  Half of the book consists of supplementary material and exercises tied into the CD; useless without the CD...This book did not help me with effective project management.",
Painfully boring,"I wanted to love this book because I loved the premise of a book about going into the future and then returning to present time. But I’m 60 pages in and I just can’t do it. It’s so boring it’s like reading a long grocery list or to do list...There are a couple of vital things every writer should do: make their readers care about their characters and show don’t tell. Unfortunately this writer did neither. Several chapters into the book and I couldn’t care less about the characters, not even the main character. But the bigger issue to me is this book is written like a documentary - it’s all just telling you something without eliciting any kind of emotion or sense of being there or feeling at all. Even the dialogue is boring...Here’s an example of what I mean: “ A man comes in and pays for a coffee. Two teenagers get bagels with cream cheese. Everyone here is a regular. Everyone says hello. My bagel sandwich comes up for pickup. I take the white paper bag, thank the woman, and make my way back down toward the water. Brooklyn Bridge Park is less a park and more a stretch of grass. The benches are full, and I pop down on a rock, right by the water's edge. I open up my sandwich and take a bite. It's good, really good. Surprisingly close to Sarge's. I look out at the water - I always loved the water…”..I kept thinking she was just setting the stage but this is the whole book. I’m bummed but I’ll be returning it.",
not up to standard,Seems like he had to knock out a short book to finish the last one. And then he still left the story hanging.,
Don't bother.,Started and never bought. Very repetitive. Not impressed.,
Nope,Moves super fast but Nothing is explained really. Editing is BAD. FMC you kind of want to punch. The author constantly reminded ds you she's super gorgeous and it irks me. Just an FYI most of your readers are more interested in the guys. Just NO.,
Don't Bother,"I have several of the authors books and thought this one sounded good.  Wrong, I just could not get into it at all.  I finally gave up about half way through.  I was really tired about a rotten relationship between two people.  Never got going, prose was just terrible.  Buy it used if you must.",
Three Stars,Good.,
Can't find it.,I wanted this as audio but it never downloaded. Very disappointed.,
Ronnie A.,"This was a very different kind of story, but not bad at all.  If you like it then you should try Baby Blue by Lloyd Albritton...",
"Interesting, not fascinating.","Probably most interesting for its relevance to current times, although it's odd that the protagonist is effectively a terrorist...This story of a saboteur (human) dropped on an alien planet is apparently based on plans Russell worked on during WWII. It's really more of a vehicle for that information, than a well developed story...If you are curious about Russell's work, I'd recommend trying some of his better known short fiction, like ""And then there were none"", which can be found in [[ASIN:0765305356 The Science Fiction Hall of Fame, Volume Two A: The Greatest Science Fiction Novellas of All Time ]], which you should read anyway, and not just for this story...You can also find the rather amusing ""Allamagoosa"" in [[ASIN:B000K7BI3G The Hugo Winners - Volumes I & II (Volumes 1 and 2)]], which is also worth reading for more than just this story.",
Two Stars,not what I thought it would be,
Overrated,"This book was very disappointing. There were some good parts, to be fair. The Monty Hall problem is one where she outthought many of the math PHDs in America. But it must be said: if you write a book with a title like Power of Logical Thinking, at the very least you ought to understand logical fallacies. She mistakenly says reductio ad absurdem is a logical fallacy (it isn't), and she either does not understand what the ad hominem tu quoque is or simply can't explain it well. Another huge flaw in the book is her (mistaken) belief that she is an expert in economics. It's like reading 50 pages of Larry Kudlow--free market fundamentalism disguised as intellectualism. She commits a logical fallacy of her own in the economics section, I must point out--in support of her views she quotes a single economist, conservative and later Bush adviser Larry Lindsey. That's known as the argument from authority; obviously one economist is not the sole source of the truth on economic matters.",
so so,so so read-I expected better,
Thorough backup great information l,"Want to kno about sigar in and out? This book couldnt be more thorough i its info and sciency stuff. First couple chapters felt like a drag, repeating the same info over and over. Much so i quit then curiosity bugged me and i finally diid. Tidbits of good info throughout tge book you’ll need to read. Wish they added pic.",
too Britcentric for my tastes,"Was expecting some L. Jon Wertheim level of writing on tennis and got some roaming British tennis journalist who writes for a national newspaper there. The cover is super misleading as there's no mention of what the main focus of this book is about: Scottish (and British!) tennis player Andy Murray and his 2013 season. Basically, the author could of cut out ALL references to his career and his own experiences as a journalist and put in way more on what goes on behind the scenes on the tennis tour...He also has this weird British deal where they think boxing analogies are still relevant despite the sport being pretty much dead in the water in the 21st century. It's tired, man. Give it a rest...To top it off, Andy Murray is not exactly a riveting figure. Very good player, Grand Slam winner as well as an Olympic gold medalist but not exactly my cup of tea despite my Scottish roots. Also, it's funny to read Mitchell who like most journalists back in 2013 were wondering if Roger Federer was done...and lo and behold Fed wins the 2017 Australian Open. Might want to add an updated epilogue to that, Mitchy Boy.",
I did not enjoy the struggle in trying to finish this book.,"Too long, disorganized. Skipped last 2 chapters and read the end without missing a thing. It will be hard to try another French mystery for a while.",
I Lay Reading:  Baby Doll,"Let me start by saying I had a very different review planned for this book. And that I really hate it when this happens. Because I honestly liked Baby Doll. It probably would have gotten a 4 from me. Is it “The Next Gone Girl!”? No. But it’s a great thriller, and a solid view of PTSD and recovery...However, sometimes my “write the review immediately after reading the book” policy will bite you in the ass...Because this happened in the Epilogue, two minutes before the close of the book:..&#34;She loved each and every ounce. She wasn't a 'fatty.'&#34;..There is absolutely no reason to fat-shame there. Zero. It’s completely out of character for Lily. The scene is supposed to prove how strong she is, how far along her path of recovery she has come. She’s also a grown woman. While I understand her abuser degraded her, I still think it should have been shown in another way. That sentence could have been removed completely. Reading that shatters all illusions I have about Lily and the world she lives in...Nope. Book ruined, just by that sentence. Doesn’t that suck so hard?",
Three Stars,Not much to it,
Didn’t much care for most of the artists fairy depictions.,"I purchased this book for the pictures shown on the back cover, hoping all pictures were as cute.  Sadly, there are only about half of the pictures I would waste time coloring.  I really don’t care for Ms. Brown’s ornate depictions of the fairies in her fairy world.  I think of the fairy world as maybe more simple, earthy, that's why I adored the darling fairy on the back of the book.  There are many cute pictures of fairy houses, and a few cute young fairies. But the women fairies, to me, are gaudy looking.  Since there are no more sample pictures of the book  on Amazon, go to her Facebook page, which I discovered after ordering.  Or just keep in mind most of the fairies will be like or even more ornamented, than the front picture. Too much money for me for  only half of the pictures I’d like to color!  You decide!",
Using common ingredients in recipes.,Did not use it much. Too many Mexican recipes.,
but it was a total disappointment for myself,"Not the sellers fault. A friend referred the book, but it was a total disappointment for myself.",
please cancel this-I did not order,please cancel  this-I did not order it,
It's a slog to get through it.,"I stuck with it to the end, even though the author took way too long to get through the beginning and into the story line.  Perhaps if there had been better editing, it would have flowed more smoothly.  When secrets were revealed towards the end of the book, somehow they didn't seem to fit into the story.  I only paid $.99 for the Kindle edition, so I didn't mind the outlay.",$
Didnt like it.,Didnt like the chapters in this book at all. The intro was great but really was not structured well.,
What Is This?,This book had no recipes in it. It was a fill in the blank book.,
Good read,"I like the character development and the depth of personalities. Good plot, page turner. It was a little too worldly trying to describe emotions. I don’t t see teenagers that insightful and deep",
Don't waste your time,This book sucked.,
Recording Info - No Fun Facts,"Ok at best....it's only for the true fans interested in the actual recordings or how all that came about.  Not much about the band in general or their tours.  I thought it would be more focused on events, small fun facts, tour info, general band info - it was all about the recording process.  It's okay but not what I expected.  I tired of reading it after half way.",
The Ciper might disappoint,"The author developed some interesting characters but the plot was quite predictable.  It was easy to put this book down for days before continuing to read.  It was a ""page turner"" in limited sections but not noteworthy otherwise.",
"Horribly written, poorly edited money grab","This is going to be harsh, but I hold no punches when it comes to people willing to shamelessly take my money on Amazon, so here goes...This is the worst book I've ever read, and I would venture to say probably among the worst ever written. No, it's not a joke, and I feel bad for saying this because of the many seemingly honest contributing authors, but this book is terrible.  The &#34;entrepreneurs&#34; in this book are not actual entrepreneurs (with the exception of one or two great contributors). The majority of the stories are not inspirational or even insightful.  The content appears to not have been proof read at all. Within 5 minutes of cracking open the book, I was laughing out loud at how garbage and sloppy the writing was. I literally could not believe it. It's almost worth the purchase to see for yourself.  I'm not kidding. That numerous people supposedly contributed, proof read and published this is astonishing. The fact that they are charging money is insulting...In short, this is probably the worst book published this year. If I could rate it below 1 star I would, because 1 star is generous for this lazy product. I read the book in its entirety and threw it in the garbage within 1 hour after it being delivered to my door. Horrible.",
Waste of time.,"Unfortunately another dismal offering from Patterson. Maybe it's time for him to retire and concentrate on the good things he does for young readers. Pumping Out book after book after book has turned his once enjoyable writings to a waste of time and money. Greed or loss of focus, doesn't matter which, his work is no longer enjoyable.",
Listening to it OK But....,"I doubt I would have finished it if I had not been listening to the audiobook version. There was way too much pseudo science description and too little action. As one reviewer said, it needed to have been edited down in size...The overall plot was good.  And I could listen to another...However, it's really hard to ignore the unlikely events e.g., one could manufacture missiles in 1/10 of a second, and bring online a trillion+ ton battle station in a few months, and that in a few hours a station that was down to 40%  effectiveness (if I remember correctly) was fixed. Even if the capability came from a friendly alien culture. All this in a world that still had people who were alive for 9/11. And in a world where over 25% of the people had been killed in Book one!",+
"All Lies, just to sell a book.","Way too many lies in this book. How many tell that Pat was shot dead by locals that knew he was paid to murder Billy by the wealthy cattle barons that were stealing land from everyone. Billy defended them, and when they killed Pat, the trial only took 15 minutes to return an innocent verdict, even though the two guys admitted they killed him as soon as he had the nerve to come back to the area. More lies have been told about Billy than any other man in American history.",
"Good, but not great","If you're familiar with the Futurama franchise, you'll know there's no huge story arch you need to be following in order to enjoy this story. There's lots of board game and pop media related puns and a bit of slapstick, so if that's your thing, you'll be pretty happy. However the plot of this issue was kind of weak and definitely cliché (though they may have been going for the second part), and though a lot of characters were included, some of them would not have been missed if they'd been excluded.",
Two Stars,Very disappointed with much of the content; will pick another topic next year:(,
Blame the others,"This book is seen as the political and economical pillar of the modern Latin American left. As such, it becomes a must-read work for everyone interested in understanding the so-called 'intellectuals' of this side of the world, who mostly share Galeano's ideas. This line of thought is almost a prerequiste to be admitted into the 'illuminated elite' of these countries...The author's thesis, written at the beginning of the 70's, could be summarized as follows: ""We, Latin Americans, are good people. In fact, we are so good, that foreigners have come to our land to take advantange of our good hearts. We are nothing but victims. First, the Spaniards came for us and then, the rest of European powers and the U.S. extended their claws. In no way do we have any responsibility for our sad present. We are just part of a masterplan, created by the forces of evil so we cannot develop. We represent such a threat to these developed countries that they will not let us prosper unless we become comunists. ""..As funny as it may sound for any rational person, Galeano actually believes that El Salvador or Honduras, for example, represents a more serious threat to the leadership of the evil imperialsts than South Korea or Singapore (who have stolen thousands of jobs from rich powers). Europe and the US are obsessed with us because we can put their supremacy in jeopardy....Clearly, this naïve approach follows the classical latin tradition of blaming others instead of looking inwards. The author doesn't analyze why is it possible that countries like Australia or Canada, mainly raw materials exporters in the beginning as Latin American countries, have become so good in creating wealth, becoming benchmarks of human development. His model is Cuba, who probably has the same GDP now as when he wrote the book...Having said this, I do share with Galeano the description of the ""conquistadores"" who came to this lands. They were looking for easy money and then go back to Spain. They were not interested in settling here. Their aim was to go back and spend the gold in luxury. But these inherited values, which naturally explain the poor development of Latin America, play no role in Galeano's version of the story. He just wants to live in a system that allows him to be like a ""conquistador"", that is living in lazyness at the expense of others, and to achieve that, no other social system has proved to be better than socialism.",
Good Book to introduce some concepts,"The focus of this book is how the bones get from the field to the museum. There's some overlap/repetition of material that is covered in the other dinosaur books that Aliki penned.  Most of it pertains to the history of discovery of the Thunder Lizards...The new material shows how the bones are unearthed, shipped, identified, and stored. How plaster casts are made and how the bones are mounted for presentation...There's some emphasis on the size of the dinosaurs and the fear they may inspire. I'm not quite sure why Aliki focuses on fear in this book (and the others). I don't know any children who are afraid, but maybe there are...I don't like this book quite as much as the others. There seems to be too much repetition and sections that don't add much value, like the descriptions of what people do. Some were good and useful, others like 'worker' and 'camera person' seem pretty lame...The best information I thought was on the fossilization process and how field crews carefully unearth the bones.",
Just Okay,"I found it hard to rate this any higher than 2 stars. I didn't like either of the lead characters. Jodi, I felt, was a leech,working part time and living off Todd's success. Todd, on the other hand, was an adulterous cheat. I just didn't get anything out of reading this book.",
This book does have some examples of professionally written material ...,"This book does have some examples of professionally written material, but is it far to focused on those who are going into law or buisness. It is not very helpful to an engineer who is trying to learn how to write clearer in a technical paper.",
About what I expected...,"This book is not good.  It's not Outright Terrible, and I never felt the urge to throw it across the room, but it's not good.  It has &#34;Doc&#34; Smith's name on it, but as far as I've been able to research, Doc had nothing at all to do with it.  And like the other &#34;not actually written by Doc&#34; series (the Family D'Alembert series), the writer has basically no idea of how to write like Doc.  So, even if you are a moderately fanatical Doc Smith completist, give this one a miss.",
A good read,"Overall I enjoyed the book, it was well thought out and entertaining although I did find the lead character left me wanting...",
Three Stars,Not her best but I understand why it was written. She honored her daughter,
I am amazed at what publishers print,I am amazed at what publishers print.  Not a bad book story-wise -  but the writing was unacceptable and there was little flavor of Newport in that time period.  Too bad.  How did it get any great reviews?  I will not trust just any reviews but will stick to the good ones.,
The last shopaholic book I'll ever buy!,"I've been a big Kinsella fan ever since I read her Undomestic Goddess book, followed by the Shopaholic series (yes, I read every single one of them!)  I HAD looked forward to this one...and what a disappointment it was!  Kinsella had a lot of material to work with...there's dearth of material to write about having a baby!  But instead, Kinsella made Becky Brandon (nee Bloomwood) so STUPID!  This is the first Kinsella book I bought that I cannot finish.  This book was absolutely AWFUL!  (Did anyone read her draft before publishing it?) I may never read any of Kinsella's books again.",
A waste of words and time !,"I Love Music!  All Notes are joy to my brain.  Especially Opera!  So when presented the opportunity to review Avidly Reads Opera  I waited with high hopes.  As  I am familiar with the Avidly Reads offerings...What a disappointment to say the least.  I can only shake my head in disbelief. The  author likes opera but seems to be in a whirl wind of emotions.  A shame really, as I enjoyed some of the humor and some of her experiences with people and her observation of the art of people and opera.  She has a masterful way with words...I was in wonderment with her delivery of her political opinions.  Not the time or delivery all agree with.  Such words  if, expressed at all,  need saying in circles of like friends.  Not harsh opinions she left her little book to send. Not, as the knowledgeable young lady she would like to become. So unhappy with life...If, she had applied her knowledge of her experiences with “people”  her book would have been a delight, however, the more I put myself in her brain the more my head hurt.  Such a waste of words.  If, I want to read about her political opinions, I would have not even bothered with the selection of her displeasure with life...I cannot in good faith, especially as I always thought my opinion would never harm or degrade anyone, wish she had not shown her state of mind.  I have given an honest opinion  and cannot pass along a recommendation  of  this little book  to another, I  would be sharing in her harmful  and unhappiness . In my opinion...I will continue to enjoy life with music and sincerely wish she can see the joys of the world around her instead of the bitterness she has given to a community of music lovers.",
Disappointed,Was disappointed. The jokes for could not be used in my blog. I got the book to have a weekly joke for my blog and really didnt find any that I could use,
For Kids Only,I’m confused as to why adults are enthused about this book. Are they reliving their childhood? This is a book for 12 year olds. I’m a grown up with a mortgage. This book is for kids.,
nice but smaller than ecpected,"Map is constructed well, nice plastic lamination, but it is smaller than what I needed.  If you have sight issues, need readers, etc., you'll surely need them for this map.  Detail is very small and print is hard to read.",
Read only if you like to study,This book has fascinating information in it but it is written in such a way as to read like a very dry textbook.,
"The more I read, the less I enjoyed the book. After Chapter 16, I pretty much skimmed the rest.","The first three chapters about his childhood in Brooklyn through his army experience in WW2 were fascinating and hilarious. So many times I had to laugh out loud while reading. But the next two chapters, especially the interminable 45 page-long fourth chapter, which seemed mostly name dropping of all these famous people he worked with. OK, that's the subtitle, but it bothered me that he skipped over his first marriage except when he briefly mentioned his three kids from it...The more I read, the less I enjoyed the book. After the first three chapters, the only two I liked as much were those about Blazing Saddles and Young Frankenstein, which I admit were my favorite films of his. Otherwise it's like a Facebook feed of memoirs, focusing solely on the good stuff. No introspection, no sad stories, nothing about what happened to the rest of his family. Once I got to Chapter 16, I pretty much skimmed the rest. I slowed down for the second to last and second longest chapter, his 25th, “Producers on Broadway.” Only because of that did I see the half a paragraph near the chapter’s end where he tells us, almost in passing, that his wife Anne lost her battle with cancer. I was more than disappointed; I was appalled that the death of the apparent love of his life rated only four lines. I wanted to give this book only 2 stars, but then I recalled the excellent beginning and upped my rating to 3 stars.",
Product not as described,Product not as described,
"Dull, uninteresting and no storyline","Grew up same time and same place. Only good feature of the whole entire book was the familar places, such as Scenic Drive-Inn, Lakewood, Jim's Roller Rink, etc. I know the book itself was fictional but very boring. Not worth buying, much less reading. Boring to the extreme. This is only a book review, not an attack on the author. Sorry Mr. Fleming. I did not mean to get you so upset. I would think you would know that not everyone likes the same books. That is not right or wrong, but Harold Murchison was a great musician. I was shocked at your response but anyway......",
Potentially Good Story Gets Lost In This Maine Travel Brochure,"The book is set in a real place in Maine and almost every local detail is accurate with every conceivable landmark noted and described in excruciating detail. The plot, which comprised only about half the book’s 180 pages, takes second shrift to what seemed like a local guidebook...This excessive local and regional color detracted from what could have been a fast paced and exciting tale. Instead, the ostensible Ice Maiden story is intermittently interspersed between long descriptions of the institutions of Dover-Foxcroft, Maine and surrounds. That tedious list included donut and coffee shops, farm stands, restaurants, cemeteries, schools, police and fire stations, sports teams, newspaper and more. I resorted to speedreading and skimming most of the rest of the book when the subject turned to moose ticks...Add the frequent unrealistic dialogue, the punctuation errors, misappropriation of character names and apparent need to recount every meal in every location and the book disappointed in a big way. It was a struggle to complete it. Only the last few chapters focused on the mystery and its resolution without the locale taking precedence...From the subtitle it seems that this book was the start of a series. I begin to imagine what a tiresome read that would be.",
Good mystery,"The cover was the first clue, a novel taking you right back in time.  I believe the often used, ""dame"" as well as other phrases from the 40's were overused the story-line is good.",
Not all that...,I had high expectations after hearing and reading reviews. But this book was just honestly not that good. Characters felt flat and unrealistic. The entire plot of the story was just so far fetched and unlikely to have ever happened that I had a hard time getting past that to enjoy the book. I’m honestly shocked at how many people think this is a well written novel. I had to force myself to finish it. I can’t recommend this book. It is just...kind of fake and vapid.,
The test is flawed and results disappointing,"My new manager has the book as a project and I read it and took the test with an open mind.  Completely disappointed with 2 of the 5 talents/strengths (not me at all in fact total opposite - rubbish) and wonder how the hell the test even tallied this information.  Also I believe that you should see your score on EVERY talent/strength so you are aware what is close but somehow didn't make the top 5.  The test will only give you 5 results and there are a ton of possibilities.  I fear any manager or HR person that follows the advice in this book without actually seeing that talent/strength in that employee (there is a version of this book for management btw which has instructions on how to manage a person with talent a, talent b, etc...) is in for a shock.  I'm glad work bought the book because after taking the test it was MONEY COMPLETELY WASTED and I'm left with more questions than answers.",
One Star,this is kinda weird-didnt like,
This is a terrible product!!,"My sons love birds and we were excited to purchase these to celebrate one of their birthdays. But, the stickers will not stay in place and the frustration grew for our whole family. It led to a lot of tears and promises to get something that worked properly. I would not recommend this product for any age. We are super disappointed.",
Disappointing,What a ripoff; half a book for the cost of a whole one and shallower written at that; not up to par with past Cross novels.,
A teacher's perspective,"From the perspective of looking at backwards design, from reward systems down to the basics that determine whether they work or not, this book is pretty good.  Unfortunately, he doesn't cover too much about reward systems specifically, and what's worse, this book doesn't contain enough specific examples or case studies which could guide the reader in setting this up...I'm a teacher, and I got this book expecting the author to speak, at least for a few pages, on the kinds of reward systems which work, and which don't.  He briefly mentions that certain systems will work while others will fail, gives one or two one-sentence tips, and then leaves this discussion to speak about how to measure performance to determine who gets a reward.  While this is important, even essential to the point of understanding implementation of reward systems, it isn't exactly what is conveyed by the title...This book is also lacking in a comprehensive case study.  Step one looks at clarifying behaviors vs. emotions and looks at rewriting companies' mission statements.  He gives a few examples of where these things started, but not any examples of revised mission statements, and few rewordings of emotional responses changed into behavioral adaptions.  This is something that I consider to be a necessity, and it's all together missing...It's a short book, containing only 130-some pages, and it could have been a gem of a book if a case study and some more concrete examples were introduced.  As it is, Reward Systems is an incomplete volume that has good ideas, but no follow through to make them implementable.  I think this book is pretty mediocre.",
it is okay but not the best...,"My three years old son, like his many friends, is a dinosaur fan and therefore  we have bought a couple of picture books like these along with some plastic toys...This book is colorful, printed on high quality paper and has a sturdy hardcover. The dinosaurs are given in alphabetic order and each one is accompanied by a paragraph size information. They are all okay...However there is something irritating about this book. The pictures are not realistic. Most of them, like the ones in the cover image, look like photographs of cheap plastic toys instead of actual representation of dinosaurs. They are dull and thus has not grasped the attention of my son as much as I hoped...Another equally negative point is that there is no sense of surrounding at all. All photos are against monochrome background. It looks like the passport photo album of dinosaurs. Where are the trees, lakes, rivers, mountains and all other elements of a proper ecosystem? Why don't they show the herds or perhaps an image with multiple dinosaurs, may be a mother like maiasaura with the baby ones or a quetzalcoatlus flying over a forest?..Finally, I think the selection of dinosaurs are not very thoughtful. I could not find  the most famous ones in the book. Of course, they can not include every dinosaur but a dinosaur book without T-rex is like an Africa book without a lion...For the price and quality of print, I think it could have been much better. My suggestion is : If you are only after one good dinosaur book, then go for the 'National geographic, kids first big dinosaur book' [[ASIN:1426308469 National Geographic Little Kids First Big Book of Dinosaurs (National Geographic Little Kids First Big Books)]]instead of this one. It is equally expensive and also has high print quality with much more to offer; but if you want to have a collection of books about these ancient monsters, then go for and purchase it. Your kid will like it if not love it...",
A continuation,"This is part of the Cobble Court series by Maria Bostwick. It's a pretty good read, and since I work in a quilt shop I could relate to much of the text.",
Down the rabbit hole into the sewer!,"I think the most important thing one can get out of this book is that the homosexual sex cult of the thelemite is nothing more than an excuse to bugger boys..If chanting garbage while humping a man's rump gives you any sort of power in the world I'd like to see proof of it. (But don't try to prove it on me!) And I'm not talking the power of the pedophile or the rapist within some good ol boy socity to get favors, I'm talking actual 'mystical or magical' power to change reality in a positive way..I believe most of these cults offer promises of power as long as you let some of these old heathens bugger you..The fact that Crowley died a disease-ridden, drug addict pauper should serve as a warning..'You shall know them by their works.'.Seems like sound reasoning to me...I think a healthy diet, exercise, some meditation and doing the next right thing is a lot better for the soul than indulgong in some perverted thelemite sexual fantasie.",
This is a waste of study time,Covers very little content for the exam. The quizes at the end of each chapter have questions that aren’t even covered in the chapter (or in their book at all). Took some online practice exams and learned how much was missing. I had to start over with a more comprehensive book.,
Stopped halfway through,"Maybe I was hoping for a repeat of Room.  Not this book.  Not gripping.  Very skilled writer, catches the tone of her characters' voice and language.  Just didn't care for it.",
"This was a pretty funny book, until the end. Then, it was just OK.","This was a pretty funny book, until the end. Then, it was just OK...For instance, this book gives a bunch of funny examples of Mr. Bump hurting himself (because he's clumsy), then the moral of the story has to do with eating fruit.",
One Star,Really liked it,
did Lee Child really write this book?,"You can always trust a Lee Child to automatically keep you up late nights turning page after page.  You might even catch the sun come ip because you just can't put it down...But that was then and this is now,  Can't believe i gave a Reacher book 1 star...!  When each before rated 5 ★s.  This, I'm afraid is no page turner.  The book didn't read like a normal Child book.  Short bold sentences in the past great books became paragraph-long boring sentences and page after page of fill.  It's almost as thou it was written by someone other than Child.",★
Better than Ambien to knock you out...,"Stephen King liked it. Enough said. It’s boring, bloated, derivative. If I want a book set in the golden age of crime fiction, whatever that means, I’ll read the masters. Horowitz is barely competent. Have you seen his horrible show, New Blood? That’s what you get when you give a millennial the go-ahead. This novel was so dull and the descriptions so overburdened that it put me to sleep after a few pages. Not compelling st all. Better than Ambien, folks!",
Eh-h-h,"First book in this series was VERY good.  This one I am finding it a big struggle to get through.  Too convoluted and seems to jump from one place to another.  I  think this author will get it together for a third book in the series but don't think I will be purchasing it.  Concept is good but another favorite author of mine does it much better.  Hopefully, this author will get it together.  The good news is, I am watching Terminal List on Prime and it's pretty good but we are about to deep six it as well because practically all of the scenes are barely visible as it seems to be filmed almost entirely in the dark!!",
The extraordinary baseball factory: San Pedro de Macoris,"This book examines the extraordinary story of the Dominican town of San Pedro de Macoris. Any baseball fan immediately recognizes the place--the home of far more baseball players than one could imagine from such a place...The book begins with a sense of the hardscrabble life of those living in this community. A hard life in the sugar cane fields or the mills processing sugar cane. As the sugar industry contracted, life became even harder. There was also racism, given that people from many countries from across the Caribbean came here to work in the sugar industry when it was still booming. The Dominican Republic itself was the home for many major league players, such as Juan Marichal. Still, the number of players coming from this town is striking...The heart of this story, though, is one avenue that--by 2008--79 men had taken to escape the hardships. Major league baseball. Why did so many make it? As Jose Cano said (Page 222): ""Because we don't have anything else here and we weren't tall enough to play basketball.""..One of the most remarkable things about this book is the delineation of those major league players coming from this town. In 1962, the first players hit the big leagues--Amado Samuel and Manny Jiminez. Who are some of the better known players? Rico Carty, Joaquin Andujar, Alfredo Griffon, Pedro Guerrero, George Bell, Julio Franco, Tony Fernandez, Sammy Sosa, Luis Castillo, Alfonso Soriano, and Robinson Cano, among others...There are many interesting vignettes about many of these players. For instance, George Bell's volatility is discussed...The book is functionally written and explores an interesting story. The discussion of the economic hard times provides context for baseball as a ""way out.""",
Dreadful.,"If you’re looking to have the life sucked out of your interest in writing, then by all means read this book. If you’re a complete sadist listen to the audiobook.",
More Fact Than Fiction,"To be honest, the best part of this book was the historical note in the back. As a writer, I LOVED reading all about Gire's research methods, the information he used, and how he interpreted what he found. The note he included about Mary Magdalene was especially good, since most people (authors and otherwise) portray her in different ways and don't tell you how they came to the deduction that she probably was like that (i.e., a prostitute or one of the sinful women mentioned in the Gospels)...Apart from the historical note and the author's factual representation of Ancient Rome and life as a soldier, there wasn't much that kept my attention. Like most Biblical fiction, there was a lot of head-hopping and moments of confusion concerning the POV. It was obviously written in a most omniscient point-of-view than from a particular character's perspective, even though Gire said it was written entirely from the perspective of his main character Lucius...I missed getting into Lucius's head and heart because of this, which really made the story less poignant than it should have been. As the centurion there at the crucifixion, I'd hoped he would have a more dramatic, emotional reaction to what he saw. Maybe it was more realistic that he didn't, but I missed all of his thoughts and emotions concerning Jesus's death and resurrection. There really was no conviction or conversion scene like I would've wanted...Also, the ""romance"" was way over-hyped. Without any depth to Lucius or emotion on anyone's part, any semblance of romance Gire tried to incorporate fizzled out...Long story short, the historical aspects were great. But the prose was lifeless, the story more fact than fiction, the characters more bland than alive. As a historical novel, I think it was fine--but it was neither romantic nor poignant at all, which is very disappointing for a story about the centurion at the crucifixion.",
Not a bad read but felt that many of the characters were not believable.  It was suspenseful enough however to keep me reading t,It was OK,
A little too much $$$...,"This is a very good book about MSU football. With that being said I felt I paid too high a premium for a small, soft-covered, black and white photo book.",$$$
Poor execution,"While I'm sure that Gorilla Garage will have tons of initial appeal to young story listeners, I did not admire the execution of the story or the illustrations.  Gorillas that work on your car?  Should have been a sure winner, but instead I felt that Gorilla Garage fell far short of the mark.  The text is flat and predictable, making this not much fun to read aloud.  The illustrations are just too cartoony and don't add much to the story. They have absolutely no energy and don't provide any added dimensions to a slim tale that fails to take advantage of its many opportunities for humor and charm.  I also didn't see the point in an ending that sends all sorts of wrong messages.  Both the author and illustrator have done much better work.  Even though the thought of a Gorilla Garage might bring about a few chuckles from your preschooler, I doubt if this one will have much staying power among car fans or gorilla lovers.  Check out some of this author and illustrator's other work to get a real feel for their talents and pass the Gorilla Garage on by.",
A lot to digest,"It's an amazing history to say the least, very informative, but frankly I had a hard time keeping all the names of just the monarks straight, not to mention all the other players.  So for me it was a handful, but I certainly couldn't say much was left out.",
Tedious,"The narrator was wonderful. I dd not enjoy this audio book, but did listen to the end.  Maybe it's just not my kind of story.  I would not recommend this book",
Worst thing I've read all year,Do not waste your money. Also this man is very racist on social media.,
An interesting science fiction story weighed down by politics and personal drama.,"This was one of my first adult science fiction novels, if not my very first. I was intrigued by the premise and format—it’s told through interviews and other files. While I was intrigued immediately, in the second half, I found the politics tiresome and felt the story had meandered away from its original plot and themes. I also thought, while the format interested me, that it made connecting with the characters difficult. I liked Rose, but I wasn’t invested in her story or anyone else’s...There were also two events that really bothered me..• Jealousy, hormones, and alcohol led to one character seriously hurting another..• A doctor was forced to perform a dangerous, experimental procedure on the character that was injured in the aforementioned scene without that character’s consent..I won’t lie—Neuvel did work both of those things into the plot, and the end result was admittedly kind of clever. But the process was far from favorable, and it rubbed me the wrong way...As I approached the end of the book, I was fairly certain I wouldn’t continue the series. That is, until the epilogue. Now I’m confused and so very curious, and I plan to read book two sometime before the end of the year...Content Warning: car crash, hospital setting/hospitalization, death",
Good Content - Too Small,"I should have paid attention to the size of the book before ordering.  It's really too small to be of any practical use.  The content is great, but you will need a magnifying glass.",
Not what I expected,Not at all what i was expecting. Was looking for a users guide not technology of iOS software,
Pages printed incorrectly,Several pages in two of the books (Dory Dory black sheep) were printed incorrectly. Pages were upside down and the printing was off the page. We asked for a replacement and the replacement had the same issue as well.,
Just okay,"I purchased this book for my nephew who is obsessed with lawnmowers. I was hesitant to buy as I don't like purchasing books blindly. The book is cute, but nothing special. The storyline is good, but it and the illustrations aren't necessarily appealing for his age group (2).",
Okay,"Okay, but more for a teenage reader, IMO.",
Are unsticky stickers really stickers?,"There are a lot of stickers, as promised. All seem to be different. Unfortunately (a) the book pages are hard to keep open, and far, far more importantly, (b) the stickers aren’t sticky. Which is the point of stickers. There should be another name for these.",
One of the better entries in the series.,"This is one of the shorter novels in this series at a touch under 400 pages.  But it is as complete and complex a story as Booth’s longer ones and one of the better ones.  I got caught up in the storyline right from the start...Booth still spends too many words describing the ‘lay of the land’ to readers.  For people familiar with the Peak District, such detail might stir an ‘I know that spot’ memory.  For other readers (this reader, at least) such detail only slows the story down and pulls them out of the flow.  He also still devotes too many words to the characters’ thoughts and feelings...There’s one more book in this series.  I hope it’s not the last.",
Make sure to find out if you are getting a book with ALL the pieces.,"The book is great, which is why I was trying to track down a copy.  My feedback is that it was listed as good condition but the pieces that make the book fun and interactive were not included.  Will be returning.",
"Good story, fell through a little in details.","I am on the fence about this book...I really enjoyed the premise. I think the author took many real life examples and put them into this book and that was enjoyable...However, the author really lost me with some of the gaps in the story. I feel as if the author tried to make this a standalone novel and maybe wanted to not include some of the minutiae. But, in leaving some of that out, I lost quite a bit of interest and had a hard time focusing on the direction the story took...I'm rating this 3 stars because the plot was interesting and I liked the writing. I just think there were some things that could have been left and others that could have been kept or added in that would have made the story easier to follow.",
Deborah Crombie is Overrated.,"This is the third Crombie book I've read, and I did enjoy this one marginally more than the other two.  The story and plots and and counterplots were more detailed and more believable (for the first part of the book anyway).  I agree with the others that the last part of the book bogs down a lot.  Also, I'm sorry but Duncan Kincaid is a &quot;lame duck&quot; and I find I have trouble liking him.  He seems to fall for any female that comes his way, and he seems to lack a spine.  I do like Gemma though.  She manages to carry the book, even though her infatuation with Duncan lessens her sensibiity somewhat.  I am a huge British procedural fan, so I find that this series lacks authenticity and I never forget that it's not written by an English author.  The book did have possibility though.  The 20 year time frame, and unresolved issues helped pull it out of the mundane and make it somewhat interesting.  But it's one-dimensional and forced (at least for the last 1/4 of the book anyway).",
Be ware,Wasn’t the same book shown in the picture!,
poor read,Eight people in my book club all concluded this book was a waste of time and money.,
Exhaustive...and exhausting.,"There's no doubt of the scholarship that went into Krazy; or the many new revelations it makes about the life and art of a great American cartoonist...But the weeds Tisserand gets into are high indeed. There were scores of times when I wanted to scream, &#34;Editor! Somebody get a scissors!&#34;..Do we really need to know about every time one of Herriman's colleagues mentioned him in a cartoon or column? Is it absolutely necessary to  catalogue the cartoonist's every trip between New York and LA? Do I really care about every minor (and major) boxing match he attended or every house he ever rented or owned or the little pranks he and his fellow artists played in the office? Quite frankly, all this &#34;detail&#34; gets tedious and frankly, boring...It's nearly 200 pages into the book before Krazy Kat him/herself really shows up. Before that we are treated to an avalanche of minuntae, at least half of which could only interest the most fanatically devoted completist or the most annoying autodidact eager to use the contents of this work to show how much he or she knows about the creator of Ignatz, et al...Also, Krazy Kat is funny; this book decidedly isn't, turning Herriman's wonderful, mystifying fantasy land into a heavy tome with all the humor of a master's thesis...Don't get me wrong: if you really are interested in Krazy Kat this is an essential book. But at about half the length it would have been much better. Herriman and Krazy Kat are a subject I have been interested in for the past 40 years.  I would have enjoyed this book far more if I didn't have to fight to stay awake while reading it.",
Bad Read,"I started this book with anticipation and positive expectation since it had been highly recommended by friends.  I must admit that I enjoyed the first part which I now liken to a fairy tale.  However, as the narrative continued on and on, I found the book  to be totally unrealistic, boring and  increasingly irritating.  Many other negative reviews here have done a good job of describing why.  What I cannot understand are the positive reviews which have so misled us.  The really awful thing was the ending which totally upended any positive or sympathetic feeling that might have remained regarding the heroine, Kya.",
Do Not Like For A Coloring Book,"While this book has awesome artwork, very nice paper, I wouldn't recommend it for coloring. Lines etc. are to hard to see for coloring. Not happy with price or for a  coloring book.",
AVOID if you want to learn to play as black and win,This is a warning to anyone who wants to &#34;Start Out&#34; learning how to play the Caro-Kann as black:  This is a terrible book!  It glorifies white's victories over black in obscure continuations that you'd likely not see over the board because the material Caro Kann players use is not in this book!  This might be better called &#34;Caro Kann - Pet lines for White&#34;,
"Good characters, light story, ends on a cliffhanger","The book was okay. I liked the three main characters - mother, daughter, aunt - who are all witches. There was a murder mystery I didn't care about, and a low-key romance. There's an interesting kid, but not much about him. The town of Wisteria is cute. What I didn't like at all was that the book ends on a deliberate cliffhanger, and I really don't care for cliffhangers. I'm regretfully bailing. Good stuff here, but not enough to hold me.",
Should be Titled: Why Americans are Stupid and Should Elect Liars,"Although this author writes articulately, I found this book galling and many of its underlying suppositions flawed. Friedman makes it quite clear that he considers Americans too ignorant and cowardly to accept our role in the world economy and the country's position as an unintentional empire. It is his opinion that we require lying, scheming presidents (he thinks Obama is doing smashingly, by the way) to re-order the balance of power and manage the world as an unofficial emperor while feeding the American public soothing stories and polite lies to keep the sheeple quiet...Despite mentioning that Middle Eastern Muslims want to re-instate an Islamic Caliphate, he contradictorily asserts that they hate and attack America only because it is economically powerful. He points out that other nations, like China, are happily financing American debt while facing their own crises, yet somehow predicts that China will lose power rather than (catastrophically for the US) collecting on what it is owed, directly or through influence such leverage supplies...Although he makes a few valid points here and there, this book is insulting, founded on poor logic and best skipped altogether.",
Three Stars,Pretty good.,
I didn’t understand this book.,"Is the point of the book to show all people as selfish, self-absorbed humans who would kill someone if it advances what they want?..I didn’t like any character in the book. I found it very implausible that the girl would be arrested, much less sentenced to death, based on no plausible, even circumstantial, evidence...I found nothing redeeming about the book. No one learned any lesson. The girl seemed unable to even try to protest the fact that their was no basis at all for her arrest...she seemed to just meekly watch events unfold...I’m left just depressed from this read, and wondering if I somehow missed something that would make any of it make any sense.",
Sarah Hill is NOT a humble agent.....She will tell you she is #1,"For one thing, Sarah Hill is NOT humble. She will tell you to your face that she is the BEST (#1) agent at the GSF (super secret spy agency). The only thing is, when you are really good (like Chuck Norris good), you don't need to tell people you are GOOD, your actions will tell the story...Everything comes too easy to Sarah. She zips around the world with no jet lag.  She goes straight to the bad guys, and then wham - action, and she is back to the USA....This was a short read. I am still uncertain that despite the cliff-hanger ending if I want to continue on with this series. No real meat..I did not mind the humor, but at times it did seem to be too much. At least there was no sex involved....with Sarah that would been too much (I'm the best...........).",
Do your research before ordering this book...,"This book looked intriguing; it almost sounds too good to be true. It gets five star reviews, but there is very little information out there about the actual book. I tried looking for other reviews of this book or some other information about it online. The only other info I found were other places to buy it and the same reviews posted here. (Anyone can get their book published and listed here on Amazon. It's a service they offer.)I've never seen a book get this many five star reviews with the reviewers giving so little actual information about it. It almost seems that the reviewers are trying to sell the book... No thanks. Like they say, if it sounds too good to be true, it usually is.",
Feel Good DVD,LIKE SO MANNY SELF HELP BOOKS AND DVDs THIS WAS VERY ENTERTAINING but of little particle value. Some good points about thinking in negative terms but this is not going to change your life.,
The authors are better known as movie and television writers than novelists,"This is a science fiction novel set in the near future in the tradition of Rendezvous with Rama by Arthur C. Clarke. It is the first book in a trilogy and has been optioned by Warner Brothers for a film adaptation.  An asteroid sized object enters the solar system and passes close enough to the Earth for both the United States and a coalition consisting of Russia, India, and Brazil to send missions to explore it.  It is first called a Near-Earth-Object (NEO) with a number, but the public and press name it “Keanu” after the character Keanu Reeves plays in the Matrix movies.  After the astronauts land, they discover that Keanu is really a starship.  I found it to be a very entertaining read.. The authors are better known as movie and television writers than novelists.  Goyer has written Batman Begins, Dark City, Blade, The Dark Knight,  and Man of Steel, and Cassutt has written for the TV shows Max Headroom, Stargate, Farscape, and Eerie, Indiana.  Consequently, there is more emphasis on action than ideas.  There is also one key plot development that is so implausible that I was surprised to see it in a novel, although I would not have been surprised at its inclusion in a movie or television program, for which I have lower standards.  The characters seemed rather shallow, as if the writers were expecting actors to flesh them out.",
Two Stars,not helpful the internet is better,
Underwhelming,"To say the MMC takes payback to the next level is an absolute understatement. This book has a handful of parts that truly pull at your heartstrings. If you go into it expecting the same level of intensity as other books by this author - I don't want to say that you will be disappointed, but they are like Black and White. The level of spice is probably a 2.5-3 out of 5 due to the predicaments they get into. But overall - it was a  predictable storyline. Not that that is a bad thing, the writing was good but in the end, I can't say I would go out of my way to read this again. There was a lot of hype about this so my expectations were high especially coming off a few of their other books. This one was underwhelming.",
Too Bad,"1920's Egypt teaming with archeologists, adventurers, and their families.  The first hundred pages of this book were breath taking.  Descriptions so realistic  I could feel the desert sand blowing in my face.  The story is told through the eyes of a young girl recovering from Typhoid Fever and the death of her mother.  Unfortunately the remainder of the book is uninteresting, populated with one dimensional characters and falls completely apart at the end.",
Companion CD did not work,"I bought this book to help me get some knowledge about Microsoft Access, having no previous experience with the program.  The book is easy to read, but when I tried to run the CD with the practice files, it wouldn't run on any of the three computers I tried it on.  Disappointing.",
This book is for New England residents only,"This book is deceptively titled HOW TO BE A BETTER BIRDER. The real title should be HOW TO BE A BETTER BIRDER IN MAINE...The author lives in Maine, and all the species he discusses are north-eastern birds. There are photos of birds in the snow...Well, I live in California. I feel cheated with this book. It is useless to me. Unless you live in Maine or the upper eastern part of the United States, this book will be useless for you too.",
Felt Like I Lived it in Real Time,"The book is well written and a very interesting memoir, in general. However, the meandering prose and endless, mind numbing descriptions of every break, wave, reef, board, diagrammatic breakdown of every single place that was surfed is really boring. The book is way too long. There also is a lack of insight about many aspects of life that one would think would be part of the dialogue. The goal was never all that clear to me, other than the pure joy of surfing. The author seems to be an ego-centric, surf bum, with no emotional ties to anyone but himself. I've personally known many surfers who fit that description. It would seem that there is more to it than that.",
Voodoo Dreams: A novel of marie Laveau,"Could not get into the voo doo ""thing"" in New Orleans and only read half of the book.  Author is coming to Phoenix in April.  May change my mind, who knows?",
"Jumped the shark from ""cute"" to ""camp""","I was a big fan of Scottline's early Bennie Rosato books. Tough-as-nails Bennie surrounded by a bevy of ""character"" women associates, all with their own foibles and idiosyncrasies, who lent a light and feminine touch to the proceedings, which were essentially gritty legal thrillers...But as the series progressed it also transformed, until we reached the last iteration with the awful ""Think Twice"", which tried unsuccessfully to exploit every single ""evil twin"" cliché there was, as well as loading us down with WAY too much of Mary Di Nunzio's gaggingly ""cute"" family as secondary characters...Scottoline didn't write any more Rosato books in the intervening three years, evidently concentrating on other subject matter. When I saw that this book was coming out, I thought I'd give it a try, as everyone makes mistakes, and hopefully Scottoline had learned from hers and we could return to the kind of book that put her on the map...Clearly, that hope was misplaced...We start right out with the book being centered on Di Nunzio and her overbearing and try-too-hard cutesiness, including the insufferable family, and things don't really improve from there. The plot's okay; a bit thin, maybe. Improbable, too. But the real problem is that Scottoline just seems to have lost her way. This book almost put me into a diabetic coma with all the cutesiness and treacly family junk...I can't say it's the worst thing I've ever read, so I guess I'll give it 2 stars.",
but overall disappointed by some of the,"The book itself is largely factual, but then spins off into fictional opinion at regular intervals. It took me around 30 pages to figure out this is guided by a religious cult viewpoint. I persisted to the end, but overall disappointed by some of the, frankly ridiculous, views.",
One Star,BAD,
not a stand-alone book,"Not a stand alone book, should be read as part of the series.  I read this book mistakingly thinking it was part of a different series.  I did read the first of this series years ago so I very slightly remembered who the main characters were but it quickly became apparent that much in the storyline had changed over the course of the other novels.  I didn't know who some of the new main characters were and this was clearly a continuation of a story I had not read.  I kept reading anyway. Other reviewers state this more eloquently when they say the main story of this book very suddenly comes crashing to a bizarre end in the matter of a few paragraphs.  It was very disjointed and did not make sense to me...My overall impression was that this was a book intended to introduce a new series while quickly wrapping up the old one because the author got bored with that story and wants to move on to something new.  Nothing wrong with that, but it probably lowered the quality of this book by introducing a completely separate super-natural story line that is way beyond communicating with ghosts…not my interest.  This is further evidenced by the excerpt from the new series that takes up the last 15% of the book.",
Three Stars,IT'S OKAY,
Dry and dense,I read books to pass on to clients in technology. This was a recommended read by a colleague and seemed to be a good book to spur new ideas. It was dry and dense.,
One Star,Never read it.,
Good & not so good,I do like that it is full of v information that is handy to have and to be able to refer too. I don't like that it is not very accurate weather wise.,
Purchased for church group,"I have no basis for reviewing this item, as it was purchased for a church study group via my Amazon account, as I had one.  Therefore I have no review to give, good or bad.",
Blurry low quality images,"There are definitely a few nice quality images. However, the majority of the images were blurry and bad quality. I ended up having to throw most of the book away. Very disappointed.",
Size Matters!,"It's partly my fault for not verifying the size of the book, but I did not expect it to be so small I need a magnifying glass to see any details :(",
Disappointing,Not anywhere near as good as the other Theo Boone stories.  I was sorely disappointed and am practically never disappointed in any John Grisham book. Guess this one is getting tiresome for the author.,
Was OK book,To far fetched and weird at times.,
Sweet Little Fantasy,"The Castle in the Mist by Amy Ephron, read by Laraine Newman is a sweet magical story about two siblings living with their aunt during their school holidays. Tess and Max find an enchanted castle  and befriend the boy that lives there named Will. However, all is not as it seems. The three children have a whimsical, fantastic adventure on the night of a full moon, a blood moon and a lunar eclipse that leave Tess and Max wondering what parts were real and what were imagined! Throughout the story ran a theme of loss and longing, all three children missing a parent. This story had so many lovely elements but also left me with a lot of questions and wanting more. Perhaps the answers will come in the sequel, which I have yet to read. It was a fun, fast read.",
Interesting and artistically well presented.,I loved the graphic art---but it may have been a rather sweeping and complicated subject for the genre.,
Colossally boring,"I've been a huge fan of this series from the very beginning. But this book is a deadly bore. I've been mostly listening to the audiobook and occasionally referencing the Kindle edition, but there is just nothing interesting about this mystery. The previously wonderful characters and their relationships are buried under this tangled mess of a plot. Honestly I just completely lost interest in the whole thing. So excruciatingly boring I just finally gave up.",
Needs a good editor.,"The story was almost interesting. Phrasing was terrible. The book seemed as though the only person to read it before publishing was the writer and that person missed the multitude of errors  in grammar, sentence errors and referencing wrong names in conversational sequences..Would not waste my money on the next book in the series. The writer writes above his command of the English language.",
"OK, But Not His Best Effort","OK, but not one of his best efforts. I could never really relate to Ballard. There seems to be about three plot lines running at any one time and she is in trouble in all of them. The problem is most of her troubles are of her own doing. I felt as if she would not be a good partner or a strong law enforcement officer. She seems to spend all of her time fighting the system. I ended up finishing it just to see how things worked out. I was not excited or looking forward to the conclusion..One additional comment would be on Connelly's fixation with the LAPD. It seems he is intimately familiar with the minute working details of their policies and procedures. But he often gets bogged down in making sure the reader knows every bit of minute detail of these rules, regulations and policies. In this case less attention to administrative details and more effort moving the plot along would have made a better read.",
Nice story,"My mom was raised on the Navajo reservations, and this story reminded her of growing up. I liked how easily the story read. I could feel myself in the story. Simple, yet, well written.",
Would recommend Good to Great over this one,Ok. Would recommend Good to Great over this one.,
Propaganda,"I've read better telephone directories than this book.  Poorly researched, excruciatingly dull and wholly tilted toward the viewpoints of the islamists in the Middle East, this book proves just because you are a professor doesn't mean you know what you are talking about.  Avoid this if you are looking for an honest and objective appraisal of world events.",
meh. skip it.,"King is one of my favorite writers but this one was just a weird story. It's told through a young boy's POV so it reads like a YA book. It's not scary at all and nothing really exciting happens until the end of the book. The reveal of who the narrator's real dad is at the end is so off putting and doesnt add to the story at all. I would have to agree with several reviewers that this story is like a terrible straight-to-tv ""horror"" movie. King definitely bangs out a lot of books but maybe he should spend the time crafting a good one instead of throwing something together. Pass on this one.",
Poor writing. Poor figures. Reads like compiled from blog,"A lot of none sense printed in big fonts ""How to do it"" ""Get ready"". Legend are all in very tiny small font. He likes to say ""here is how to do it"" Then show part of codes. Then say ""now you know how to do it."" He also likes to waste readers' time by saying ""Do you think I will stop here? No....""  This book is watery. Not substantial. Figures are crapy. Some figures are corrupted and hard to read. Some scatter plots ought to be printed with different markers, o, x , square, because it's a black and white book. But author just print three groups of markers all in circle but with different color. Which makes readingthe figure impossible from the printed book. You can go to github to download figures. But it's so stupid. The listings of the codes wasted a lot of space on import packages and set up shells. The key part of the code are often omitted. Some genereated figures by GAN are shown as a block of grey image. Author does not even bother to generate a figure to be used in his book. But author spend time to mention he owned 36 cars. Anyway, I found Another book by Rowel Atienza is much more readable and helpful. I regret so much buying this book. Don't buy it.",
Don't waste your money!,Horrble coloring book!  I am going to return it.  One word is used over and over again.  The &#34;artist&#34; repeats the exact same picture more than once throughout the book.  Don't waste your money.  These are not &#34;creative insults&#34;.,
not sure,I do not remember buying or reading this book.,
"A highwayscribery ""Book Report""","Had Kurt Vonnegut died in January 2009 his literary goodbye, ""A Man Without a Country,"" might have been brighter...Maybe the sea change in American politics was already affecting Vonnegut when he passed on April 11, 2007, but this book, his last sigh, had been published in 2005...That means it would have been written the year before, an annus horribilis, marked by the American peoples' unfortunate validation of George W. Bush's presidency...So Vonnegut, an avowed socialist, was pretty soured on the United States. And that resulted in his swan song being a mixture of a trademark whimsy and heavy doses of dead seriousness...For the book-loving, Vonnegut unpacked this chestnut:..""Do you realize that all great literature -- 'Moby Dick,' 'Huckleberry Finn,' 'A Farewell to Arms,' 'The Scarlet Letter,''The Red Badge of Courage,' 'The Iliad' and 'The Odyssey,' 'The Bible,' and 'The Charge of the Light Brigade,' -- are all about what a bummer it is to be a human being? (Isn't it such a relief to have somebody say that?)""..Maybe it's a relief if you've lived well and are on the way out, but if a good stretch of road is still in front of you, not so much...In ""Man Without..."" the famed writer riffed often on the oil problem, our national addiction, and the increasingly desperate decisions being made by the country's leaders to placate that addiction...""Evolution can go to hell as far as I'm concerned. What a mistake we are. We have mortally wounded this sweet life-supporting planet -- and the only one in the whole Milky Way -- with a century of transportation whoopee.""..But, as can be seen from this quote's opening beats, oil addiction is but a symptom. It's the human race that rots...Why was Vonnegut a man without a country? Here's a decent stretch, long in inches, but short in bandwidth, wherein he lays out his case in the writerly way:..""Loaded pistols are good for everyone except inmates in prisons or lunatic asylums..That's correct..Millions spent on public health are inflationary..That's correct..Billions spent on weapons will bring inflation down..That's correct..Dictatorships to the right are much closer to American ideals than dictatorships to the left..That's correct..The more hydrogen bomb warheads we have, all set to go off at a moment's notice, the safer humanity is and the better of the world will be that our grandchildren inherit..That's correct..Industrial wastes, and especially those that radioactive, hardly ever hurt anybody, so everybody should shut up about them..That's correct..Industries should be allowed to do whatever they want to do: Bribe, wreck the environment just a little, fix prices, screw dumb customers, put a stop to competition, and raid the Treasury when they go broke..That's correct..That's free enterprise..And that's correct..The poor have done something very wrong or they wouldn't be poor, so their children should pay the consequences..That's correct..The United States of America cannot be expected to look after its own people..That's correct..The free market will do that..That's correct..The free market is an automatic system of justice..That's correct..I'm kidding.""..Which reminds us of how good writers communicate deep concepts with simplicity and economy...Vonnegut was dead-set against the war in Iraq. His chief grievance was the unprovoked nature of the military action and he drafted a historical parallel with the U.S. invasion of Mexico in the 19th Century...""More than a decade before his Gettysburg Address, back in 1848, when Lincoln was only a Congressman, he was heartbroken and humiliated by our war on Mexico, which had never attacked us. James Polk was the person Representative Lincoln had in mind when he said what he said. Abraham Lincoln said of Polk, his president, his armed forces' commander-in-chief:..Trusting to escape scrutiny, by fixing the public gaze upon the exceeding brightness of military glory - that attractive rainbow, that rises in showers of blood - that serpent's eyes, that charms to destroy - he plunged into war...Holy s..t! And I thought I was a writer!""..We told you there was whimsy melded into book's gloomy view...One chapter revisits an old Vonnegut favorite about the simplicity of successful story structure, but then goes a step further wherein he demonstrates why ""Shakespeare was as poor a storyteller as any Arapaho,"" whose true virtue was that he told the truth in a world where the truth is in short supply...A lifetime of literary creation and consumption led our subject to crown poet Carl Sandburg a personal favorite, and Ambrose Bierce's ""Occurrence at Owl Creek Bridge,"" as a ""flawless example of American genius like, 'Sophisticated Lady' by Duke Ellington or the Franklin stove.""..He warns writers off using semi-colons, ""transvestite hermaphrodites representing absolutely nothing."" And then, after using one, remarks, ""The point is: Rules only take us so far, even good rules.""..""Man Without a Country"" plugs Eugene Debs and plies the sad story of Ignaz Semmelweis...This gentleman convinced his unbelieving fellow doctors that leaving the morgue after doing autopsies to perform surgery on live patients, without washing their hands first, was causing a lot of death...It is a story of truth spurned and suicide and one of the reasons, along with Vonnegut's presence at the firebombing of Dresden, he lost hope in the human race...Like my distinct betters Einstein and Twain, I now give up on people, too. I am a veteran of the Second World War and I have to say this is not the first time I have surrendered to a pitiless war machine...My last words? 'Life is no way to treat an animal, not even a mouse.'""..Perhaps it was the responsibility of Vonnegut's editor to loyally assist in the assaying of a downer document. We expect these things from older people. Their pessimism completes the arc of our devolutionary intellectual development...But we also expect wisdom from a life lived well and fully. So highwayscribery is going to step in and close this report with something that appeared at the beginning of the book and, for that reason, may have been lost to those who closed ""A Man Without a Country,' in gloom...It is advice with which highwayscribery agrees, often propounds to novice writers, and finds worthy of such a fine man and artist:..""If you want to hurt your parents, and you don't have the nerve to be gay, the least you can do is go into the arts. I'm not kidding. The arts are not a way to make a living. They are a very human way of making life more bearable. Practicing an art, no matter how well or badly, is a way to make your soul grow, for heaven's sake. Sing in the shower. Dance to the radio. Tell stories. Write a poem to a friend, even a lousy poem. Do it as well as you possibly can. You will get an enormous reward. You will have created to something.""",
Book binding fell off,Book binding literally came off of the entire book. Would like a refund.,
Three Stars,Wasn't what I was expecting.,
Two Stars,"Book was too repetitive in content. Instead of moving forward, it seem to be going back to the beginning.",
Looking for More,"Informative.Even as someone who has been in science since forever, I found this book to be very informative. It explains a bit of the history of science in the United States over the last century and how it has fallen in and out of the public eye. It also goes on to explain the reasons why it has fallen out of favor. More importantly, it’s not biased. It doesn’t picked sides, but explains that everyone has played a role in this...Next To Do.What I would have liked a little more of was plans of action. I think science is important for everyone whether you’re religious or not, whatever your race or sexuality or however you identify. Science is designed to help us understand our world and I think we need to take measures to ensure it’s supported in the U.S. However, this book doesn’t really get into that. It’s more of a critique than a call-to-action...Redundant.It’s a bit repetitive and kind of makes the same point over and over again. I felt like it could have been streamlined without so many examples to really get the point across. It was a bit difficult focus when it felt like the point was being beaten into the reader’s brain. A little less information could have helped really benefited this book to keep interest and make a point.",
POOR QUALITY SECONDHAND TRANSLATION OR SOMETHING,"I bought this book for my son, and it is VERY disappointing. The grammar is excessively poor, and it's extremely difficult to read. It makes very little sense, and the information is inaccurate. Do NOT buy this book! If my child hadn't seen it, I would have sent it back.",
Not that good....,"I bought this one based on the previous high reviews, but I just didn't find anything memorable in this one....",
tourism in Vietnam,"If you want to learn more than how to be a tourist, but what tourism means in Vietnam and to its people this is the book for you. Overall this is just an average book. I would recommend it for those perhaps doing a report on the subject, but for the average person planning to visit Vietnam it didn't really meet my needs. Berger does write about personal experiences and what he thinks are important aspects of the country, but the writing is bland and the book is not exceptional in any way I would describe. There are some photographs, both color and black and whites and they do add to the descriptions by the author.",
APPALLING,"It's nearly impossible to accurately describe how badly this book is written. Possibly the worst book I've ever had the misfortune of reading, certainly in a very long time. The author's utterly harrowing story is presented so ineptly, so disjointedly and awkwardly, you just keep skipping ahead hoping it gets better. It doesn't. In the entire book, there's no real insight into how the author feels: regarding her captors, her lost childhood, her family, anything. I would think the fault lies with the editors, who are presenting this devastating story in such an appalling fashion. A real lost opportunity. I've read the book andI still can't begin to imagine what the author went through.",
I agree with the other reviewers...It is alright,"The moment I was able to preorder this book I did.  I really enjoyed the first book and was excited to see where Harkness took the story...There was a lot happening without a lot happening.  Parts of the first book was like this too but not to this extent.  Just when you thought the story's climax was coming, it fizzled, even at the end.  Also the editing was horrible.  You can tell where huge chunks of the story were cut out for the sake of space or moving the story along, and it left me feeling really disjointed through most of the book.  Many times I thought I flipped through too many pages on the Kindle because the story jumped forward so abruptly.  Also, some of the jumping back and forth between the past and the present without and segue was hard to wrap my head around...I also found myself skimming most of the book just hopping to get to the legitimate storylines...I did enjoy the characters and the story is refreshing.  I will probably still read the final installment but I won't be recommending the book to anyone.",
"Boring, Boring, Boring!Wheres the Vampire Huntress?","FREAKIN' boring journal of an authers sex fantasy. No plot, no meat to the novel. Anita Blake has died a slow death. I am very dissapointed. Probobly won't be reading another unless i am so desperate that i have finished reading all the cereal boxes.",
"JKR COME BACK TO US, ....","Why did JKR allow her name on this book? Has money & success damaged her integrity as a writer? She owes her 'loyal' readers a genuine JKR book.  Hope it happens, ... I still believe in her...",
warning buyers that this is not our well-known and loved author's doing,"This is not our Stephen King, it's an imbecile with the same name.  I wish other reviewers of this nonsense who are slamming the real Stephen King would get that through their skulls.  Any Constant Reader knows the difference....and without question, it's not him.  So stop it, reviewers...I also wish Amazon would put a disclaimer on this person's work.... and I use the term &#34;work&#34; loosely....warning buyers that this is not our well-known and loved author's doing...Please do not buy, you're only going to get ripped off.  I borrowed using Unlimited, read for a total of two minutes, and deleted.  It's that terrible.  I'd rate it zero stars if I could.  Just don't even bother.",
Not as addictive as usual,"Love John Grisham's stuff, but this seems like a collection of short stories or novellas. Didn't get as caught up in the story or the character as usual.",
Coffee table book full of photos of one man’s obsession with European Junk Cars,"Rudi Klein, a now deceased a German Immigrant, maintained a European car salvage yard in California that his sons now own. There is a short story about the stubborn and ornery Mr. Klein which hinted that he made his fortune selling these cars and car parts. Ninety percent of this book are just pictures of the scrap heap of cars on his property with a short caption of what one is looking at. This book held my interest but the photos are not particularly enticing to me. I would have preferred more story and more complete car photos than rusted parts. The current price of $35 is typical of coffee table photo books; however, unless one is into European cars, this will not hold much interest.",$
Nothing Useful Here,"The concept is promising, but the actual essays offer nothing of value.  European soccer, long-distance running, and olympic events, all of which have almost no stats worth analyzing, are featured heavily.  The one promising essay -- on home field advantage across various sports -- is already sorely outdated, as it includes only data from before 2006 and references sources from the 1990s...In short, simply not worth the purchase or the read for a serious sports analysis enthusiast.",
"Uninspired, heavy handed, and I just didn't buy it.","We Are Unprepared bills itself as a kind of post-apocalyptic/disaster survival novel, and while in some aspects it is just that, it is mostly a relationship novel.  I started out liking the young couple at the center of this story quite a bit, but by the end I was thoroughly disappointed in both of them and kind of hoping the floods would take them away...It didn't take long for the stresses of disaster preparedness to come between Ash and Pia, and as Pia becomes an out of control &#34;Prepper&#34; and Ash becomes too attached to the local government and the pretty girl that lives up the hill, you know that things are going to get rough.  Throw in a neglected kid that lives next door, and you have plenty of fuel for tons of relationship angst.  The author does a decent job of character development, especially with Ash.  I could never get a handle on Pia and ended up feeling that she was more of a distraction than a significant part of the story...I went back and forth on the rating with this one, but ended up giving it two stars because I found the environmental message to be heavy handed, the writing uninspired and the science iffy at best.  I just didn't buy this story and can't recommend it.",
Techies will love it,"The endless description of the computer logistics lost me. The story line seemed interesting and it was a chilling idea, but I didn't have the patience to get through page after page of mainframe this and that. If you get that stuff and love tech-speak, have at it.",
Poor quality control and wrong dates.,"This calendar's cover says:.""Includes 12 Pusheen car stickers!"".It had none..The calendar says that Independence Day is July 3..These are not difficult things to get right.",
NOT AS NICE AS I HAD HOPED FOR,RATHER BORING AND NOT  REALLY INTERESTING TO KEEP MY FOCUS. THERE MUST BE BETTER BOOKS TO SPEND YOUR MONEY ON.,
Ending confusing to grandson and me.,Artwork is beautiful.  Story ending disappointing and role of dogs confusing.,
Where the Crawdads Sing,"Many of my friends told me I needed to read this because it was an excellent book, with a good story line. It was okay, the story line, I thought, was a little slow. It was an ""okay"" book. I had high expectations, maybe that's why I found it to be so slow?",
Strange,"I thought this was a really weird book.  I was looking for a book about New Orleans, and, of course, this didn't fill the bill, but it was odd in a lot of ways.  Why Sam, the main character, would have been responsible for the kidnapping of a child from the department store where he worked was a mystery to me.  And, why he continued to behave as though the family of the girl was more important to me than his own family was also odd.  Well, enough said.  Weird book.",
Pretty good all around,"This is a great looking book, however it did not get to me as fast as other companies got it to me.",
An average to below average Trek novel,"I wanted to like this two book set, but ended up disappointed. There was such potential, but it was wasted. Picard and Spock working together. The Cold War between the Romulans and the Federation getting renewed after the Dominion War. Even a mention of a post-Sisko Deep Space Nine. Alas, the authors' reach exceeded their grasp...The action jumped from scene to scene with many loose ends left untied. What exactly was the point of the Lotre character? What did T'sart want with the device and why was he even in the book? Folan's actions had no consequences. And all the secondary characters and subplots: Tobin and Nien, the aforementioned DS9, the Klingons. All these elements were thrown together in one big stew without much organization...That said, I did like the Picard, Spock, Data interaction and the dialogue between Data, Riker, and Troi. In fact, I think Galanter and Brodeur have a real knack for writing for Data. Some of his scenes were downright amusing...But even that could not make up for the incomprehensible ending. All those theories and mysterious tools and omnipotent aliens were just too much to keep track of and I still don't understand what happened. I think some Trek authors have fallen in the same trap that many Star Wars writers fell into: the superweapon-of-the-week. It was just too big; I mean if the entire galaxy is threatened (or more), then wouldn't the Q or another of the omnipotent aliens have shown up to save themselves? And what was with the brief mention of the Guardian of Forever?..One last nitpick for the publisher, not the authors: Do a better job of editing. I was continually jarred out of the story by bad spelling, bad grammar, and bad punctuation. Perhaps the Trek publication schedule is too full of mediocre books to do a good job of copy editing; cut some of the books or hire some more editors.",
Against Death and Time,"This could have been a GOOD book? There are many good parts to the book, but it wonders, isn't connective and supplies a complete chapter on a personal novel, not racing. It could also do without the author's escapades! To bad it couldn't have been more directed toward some of those Great Drives of the time. Many, including those pictured on the cover are left OUT!",
A unique concept I have never seen before. Excellent worldbuilding!,"Stars: 3 out of 5..There is a fascinating premise in this book. What if all humans have two souls inhabiting one body? One has the reigns during the day, the other one during the night? And those are completely different people. They have different names and personalities. They want different things in life. They have different professions. Heck, most of them are even married to different people either night or day. Or married at night but single during the day. Or the night-brother had committed a crime and stays in prison during the night, but their day-brother is released to live their life every morning because it's not fair to punish both souls for the mistakes of just one. ..Some people are lucky enough to live harmoniously with their night or day sibling. Some even hold the same profession on both sides of the ettienne. Others are not so lucky. In fact, it seems like a horrible way to live, if you think about it. You wake up every morning/night next to a stranger that your day/night sibling is married to. How awkward is that? It also seems like one sibling will be more dominant over the other...Like in the case of our protagonist. The night brother is a special inspector, so his job takes precedence over his day brother who is a musician. When the inspector has to leave town on an investigation, the day brother has no choice but to follow, no matter how inconvenient that is for his professional and personal life. ..I would have loved to explore this fascinating world a bit more. Like what happens to the children of those married couples? If the night sister is the mother of the children, but the day sister is unmarried and leads a completely different life, who takes care of the children during the day? Especially when they are babies? Does the day sister have a choice in the matter or is she forced to care for them no matter what? Wouldn't that create resentment between the siblings? Wouldn't the children suffer because of that?..The mystery itself is rather complex and progresses at a very leisury pace. In fact almost half the book is setup, and even though the story picks up in the second half, it can still be a slog. There are also some leaps of logic that I found hard to follow. And some plot holes that were rather glaring. Like we are expressly told that the father packed up his family and left town after his wife was arrested. Yet, both the oldest and the youngest children are conveniently present to be sacrificed for the ritual. How did that happen? Also, where is the middle sister and the father? Also, this horrible murder of children isn't even mentioned or addressed in any way afterwards. And the mother doesn't express a single ounce of grief or regret over it. And that is the night-sister that gave birth and raised those children. ..All in all, it was interesting mostly for the unique concept and worldbuilding, but I wasn't totally onboard for the story itself. And while I liked both Christophor and Alexander, I wasn't as thrilled with the other characters in this book. And I would have loved a few more answers to the day-to-day conundrum that having two souls in one body represents, because from where I stand, this is the definition of hell...PS: I received a free copy via NetGalley in exchange for an honest review.",
Missing pages,"This book should have contained issues 8-12, instead it started half-way through issue #9.  Books aren't supposed to start on  page 30.",
Has potential,"This book was very promising and has a lot of potential. But the writer fell very short. #1 with character building, because I really wanted 2 of the 3 characters wrote out. #2 with chemistry. The ""romance"" was very unconvincing. #3 it kept jumping back and forth through the whole book leaving me wondering...This book should NOT be considered a young adult novel. There is a LOT of sex mentioned. DETAILED DESCRIPTION of a threesome. Details of the guys privates. And details of a girls chest. Me at age 22 felt very uncomfortable reading this... So if your considering letting your child read this: READ IT FIRST, because I doubt you'd approve...However, I thought Jenny was interesting. That's why I'm giving 2 stars instead of 3... Would give 2.5 stars if I could. :)",
One Star,I never bought this or received it....,
Interesting read.,I have not finished reading this book yet but so far it's interesting. Hollywood had a very ferocious sexual appetite!,
It's Okay,"I thought it was Okay, just Okay.  It had its moments of interest, but overall I didn't find it a page turner.",
Don't waste your time. Just another bad book...,"This is a dreadfully boring book. The improbable relationships between the characters; the President, CIA,  NYPD, FBI and spies from the UK rubbing elbows socially on a first name basis is laughable. A waste of time.",
the book was so-so I read it because I wanted ...,"the book was so-so.I read it because I wanted to read until Force Awakened  ,however, I really had to push myself to finish and I picked it up a few times.",
such poor plotting and dull scenes,"I'm 133 pages into this book and I'm still waiting to be drawn in. Such a compelling topic yet, so far, such poor plotting and dull scenes. This is a novel yet there's no build up.  Any novel about the Holocaust is competing with all the gritty memoirs out there.  This book lacks realism. The prose is far from haunting. I wanted to be moved by this but I probably won't read any further.",
How much can a family take?,"I did enjoy the first books in the series. But it's getting mighty repetitive and boring, something needs to change big time for me to keep reading future books if there are any.",
Intriguing…,I was excited to learn the premise of the book enough to hunt down a copy and I paid way too much to satisfy my curiosity.  I found the messages in most cases to be mundane.  There were a few which made me wonder what led to the message in the first place.,
One Star,okay,
$102 for what?,"paid $102 for this book, which is the going rate, I shopped around online.  Been doing restoration work on vintage cars, specializing in 1966-1972 for 30 years, own my on restoration shop & there is nothing in this book that is helpful in restoring a car.  I consider this book for me a waste of money",$$
I hoped to find some good information on fitting patterns,Too basic.  I hoped to find some good information on fitting patterns.  NOT! The styles are also too basic..Very disappointed.,
"Gave mine away, waste of money",Waste of money.seems to say all exercises are good.many are not good.,
Not Dying to Read This,"The book is ok. I was deceived by the cover somewhat; after a great experience with the Yellow Rose Mystery books by Leann Sweeney, I was hoping this series was going to be just as good. Not really. The main character, Helen, is a smart forty-something working as a telemarketer in order to avoid her ex husband. I really didn't think the whole story about Helen and her ex was believable, but I suppose it's the only way the author could place this otherwise smart woman in such deplorable working conditions. Helen just isn't exciting; she isn't a particularly good sleuth, and the story and characters weren't involving. I'd recommend this book with caution.",
Three Stars,not read yet,
Batman?,"This is the first volume in Nesbo's series of the Harry Hole cop novels. I got attracted to Nesbo and Hole by two of his later volumes, Nemesis, and Redbreast, which I liked a lot. Harry Hole is a Norwegian cop with a mixed history, including a wild youth and alcoholism. In this first case of the series he is sent to Sydney to help the Aussi police in investigating the murder of a young Norwegian woman. The case widens into more than just a single murder. There is so much more, that I lost interest. Nesbo did not yet know how to focus...A warning: this book is not available in English. I read the German translation, since I would have needed two months trying to read the Norwegian original. This translation is lousy, or, alternatively, the English translator of the other books was so good that he made bad writing look good in translation...In other words: stay away! Why then 2 stars and not 1? Because there are strong chapters, mainly those dealing with Hole in the early phase of the case, transported to The Land Down Under and trying to find his bearing. That is quite good, actually. But then the plot unfolds and leaves you cold in all its overdone heat...The book's title? There seems to be an Aboriginal myth of death as a bat. The bad guy is a serial killer.",
Not What I Expected,"I always pick up this author with anticipation, but this disjointed tale was not what I expect of Jennifer Crusie. There was not much character development and it was repetitive. It was hard to finish.",
Disappointing,"While Si on Duck Dynasty is typically the most entertaining part of the show for me, this book was just boring.  If you are a big fan you might be interested in reading about his life.  But don't expect the same kind of ridiculousness that Si displays on the show.",
"Should be called the ""Fine Print"" bible","Probably good for a teenager with super sharp vision, but print is wayyyy too small for a real person. I gave it away after a week.",
Junk. Stick with the Audry originals.,"We have the full collection of the original Thomas/Audry stories, which our daughter loves, and this was our first venture out into the &#34;golden books&#34; Thomas stories. We knew they were unrelated to the original stories, but I was still surprised at just how bad they are -- just junk, really. They're going to be &#34;put away&#34; as soon as the novelty wears off, and we'll return to the original stories.",
I disagree,"I see others have read and loved this book. Not me. I find it depressing, void, and vague. I'll give the author room for doubt, but I also ordered her two other books and will never read them. This is not my type of literature.",
Not my kinda story,"I didn’t like the story line, too depressing, non the writing style.",
Not quite the Avengers with Thanos/End Game,Good read but not like the rest of the series.  As ruthless as the villains were the payoff was small.  The story was convoluted and the character Thanos was a waste.  Noble and Bear save this book but other than that it's a slight drop off from what I'm used to from LT Ryan,
Just ok,It’s alright. I feel like a lot of the recipes are the ones that are already on Pinterest,
Three Stars,Book thorough but photocopy.  Adequate but overpriced,
vintage knits/ classic knits,"After receiving the book, I discovered that I had the exact same book on my shelf only under a different title.  Classic Knits by Rowan with a completely different cover pic.but still the same book.  Now, I have 2 copies on my shelf!  That's why the 3 stars.",
Boring and slow.,"I have every book Mary Kay Andrews has written. I saved this one for two months to read at Tybee Island. I am so disappointed in this  book. It was slow, slow, slow. I did not think this book would ever end. No twists and turns, a not very likeable protagonist. This was one tedious book. She really moved away from the cute books she has been writing, normally about a cute group of women, down on their luck, renovating some derelict piece of property.  I found this book pretty boring.",
Waste of time,"The book was a little frustrating to read because there were no quotation marks in the dialogue.  I had to reread things to figure out who was talking.  The author developed multiple characters with stories that turned out to have no impact on the book, yet the final part of the book was completely under developed.  It was very odd and unsatisfying ending.  Also distracting were some errors with the time period and references to things in the wrong decade.",
Of chicks and cats,"Why read this book?.$ You have been a lifelong Stones fan.$ You always wondered why these ugly old blokes are so permanent.$ Your daughter gave it to you for birthday (sort of revenge:you took her to a Stones concert when she turned 16).$ You always wanted to know who with whom and when and why.$ You know quite clearly why you always loved their music and even their show, but you would like to be given a good reason.$ You will be tempted to look for youtube Stones...And why not?.$ The author does little writing of his own. The text is mostly paraphrased and transcribed from interviews or other people's books.$ The text is cobbled together and sloppily edited. You get repetitions and overlaps.$ Keith believes in astrology, omg.$ Keith's slang is hard to stomach.$ Keith's endless troubles with drugs, booze, the law tend to tire you out.$ These boys were so inconsistent: for example, around 1970, they supported an artists' boycott of South Africa because of apartheid, but they had fun flying the Confederate flag on their Bentley.$ I am sure there are better books on the subject (though I don't think I will go out looking for them soon).",$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Very literary but not very thrilling,"A former Israeli assassin called Shakespeare, now running an advertising agency and attending a meeting with a drug company in New York City, meets by chance a man he had once been assigned to kill. He believed this man, Tino the Syrian, to be dead after a confrontation in the Libyan desert long ago. After a body was recovered, a Belgian pathologist supposedly confirmed his death. Shakespeare attempts to track him down and gets involved with a sales assistant and part time hooker whose pimp is Tino. Satisfied that Tino and the man on the street are the same, Shakespeare sets out to kill him...A plot summary doesn't really sum up this novel very well since it's told in a violently fragmented, non-linear way. It's far more psychological, dream-like and meandering than most thrillers and it's really primarily a literary novel which features a few thriller elements rather than an intricately plotted crime fiction novel...The main character was a member of the unit assigned to track down those responsible for murdering Israeli athletes at the Munich Olympics in 1972. A few flashbacks recount the secret missions of the unit but most of the book explores the themes of fragmented identity, the Jewish experience in the twentieth century and the history of Israel. The author, Joshua Sobol, has won the Sapir Prize, an important literary prize in Israel, and has written many plays...Though much of the book focuses on the memories and experiences of the main character with the chase relegated to the background, the novel does achieve a bit of suspense at the end with a shoot-out in the New Mexico desert. However, those who read this novel for the literary qualities are more likely to be satisfied than those who come looking for a thriller.",
Great beginner's book,Fairly well written. This book is good for training a new optical person. It is lean for state boards study material.,
Weak characters - particularly the protagonist,"I won this copy through GoodReads First Reads giveaways...Made in Bionia is a dystopian thriller with a hint of sci-fi. Tackling what could possibly end up a true life scenario, we find the protagonist, William Carrot trying to save the world's oceans from dying...Ryzhakov gives the reader a strong plot and the story flows fluidly (although it does get bogged down in scientific jargon) however, characterization is a problem. I felt Carrot ended up as a minor character when he obviously wasn't. Hinted as being the best there was at his profession, Ryzhakov failed to give the reader the backup necessary to prove these claims. The author also tries to create a romance between Carrot and Welka but it fails in its' credibility. Of the two characters, Welka does come out as the stronger one...The questions of who is William Carrot and why does Rasa A want him dead, is never answered. (I could not determine which character was from Rasa A in the novel.) This lack of closure obviously is leading to a sequel...It was an okay novel. I do give points for the author's play on names of countries. That was almost the most interesting part, trying to match the names with today's countries.",
"Biggest Let-Down Since ""Mockingjay""","I would give 4 stars up until chapter 50 but then 1 star for the terrible ending, so averaged out to about 2 1/2 stars. Biggest let-down since [[ASIN:0439023513 Mockingjay (The Final Book of The Hunger Games)]]. I had been so looking forward to this book but the way Ms. Roth chose to end it made me want to hurl my copy across the room.",
Cute story,"Cute book but arrived with damaged, mashed in corners on a supposedly ""new"" book, which makes it much less appealing as a gift",
Two Stars,I returned because too much of the story was missing. and you still owe me the 3.67.,
Upset,"I wanted the original, hard cover, large-sized book, and thought I was being oh-so-careful in ordering the 32 page book, instead of the shorter board book version. Imagine my surprise with a tiny 4&#34; x 5&#34; version was delivered. While my 2 yr old grandson may like this tiny book, it lacks the wonder of the larger format hardcover. It's too much hassle to return this one, but I am going to my local Barnes and Noble bookstore to find the large book that I wanted all along..An Amazon customer shouldn't have to read all the fine print or look through dozens of listings to find the right version, and then fail anyway. The listing needs to state in large letters, clearly at the beginning of the description if it is the miniature version or the original large-sized edition!  GRRRRR",
Not for the faint of heart/PTSD warning,"Beautifully written, BUT if you have a history of abuse this might trigger you. The scenes of abuse from by his mother are very authentic. I had to stop reading & regret I couldn’t finish it.",
Major Flaws,"I'm disappointed that you have to make copies of the color pages in the back.  For example, there is a page for red that you have to cut out, but the other side has blue pictures.  If you cut the red side, you will ruin the blue side.  While some people might have access to a color copier, a lot of people do not.  It makes the price for this book not worth it all.  Just google different ways to teach your toddlers their colors or look on pinterest.  This book is a waste of money.",
Meh,"This is an okay book. Pretty technical and dry, definitely not for a novice to the subject, even though it sort of seems to bill itself for one. I didn't read the first edition, so I can't say whether the new additions are an improvement.",
lots of action with stupid characters,"I read the reviews on this book and expected much more than I got.  The characters made stupid decision after stupid decision.  I know they were teenagers, but come on.  This allowed the auther to drag out the suspension, but it just wasn't believable.  Shallow book with very little character development.  This book is all about the chase scene that ends, starts over again, ends, starts over again, ends, starts over again. I think you get the point.",
"Some nice projects, but weird instructions and too many kid projects.","I ordered this book because I like to make quick and easy things for my friends and family. While this book does have some cute projects, I agree with the other reviewer that there are wayyyyy too many projects for kids. Based on the cover I assumed there would be a wide variety, but that hasn't been the case...Also, some of the patterns really aren't needed. Some of the projects ask you to use a pattern piece to cut a rectangle, and then a french curve to alter that rectangle. Why not just have the pattern piece already have that curve in it? Or just give me the dimensions of the rectangle in the instructions so I don't have to bother with cutting the pattern piece...While I do have some complaints, I have made a few things from the book and been happy with them. But if I had known that the majority of the book was kids/baby stuff, I probably would have skipped it.",
Just a notch above terrible,"I am a fairly forgiving reader, but this book was so poorly written that I found myself skimming about the last three-quarters of it. The plot was moderately interesting, but there were large holes, and the conclusion was utterly nonsensical. The only saving grace was the appealing main characters -- who spoke, sadly, in some of the most stilted, un-Regency-like dialogue every written.",
"Great book, poor condition.","My daughter loves these books. However, it arrived damaged with the hard cover ripped in two places.",
Lot's of missed potential,"I was given a free copy of this book in return for my honest review free of persuasion from the author or anyone else associated with the book...The Emerald Key is a young children's story about a group of friends and their adventure into a fairy world where myths are real and dragons are a regular occurrence...The book started off nicely by introducing all main characters and giving an insight into their personality as well as daily routine. Penny and Lacy are the heroines of the story and the two fit nicely into the popular stereotype of school-aged kids. The two can't be more different. Penny is headstrong, beautiful, confident, capable, and loyal friend while Lacy is the smart, shy, always invisible girl. Later on we are introduced to their two companions which happened to be the boys trying to bully them (although in a friendly way). The story develops rapidly with the protagonists finding themselves in a new world rather quickly. They are immediately introduced to their handsome guide who just happened to agree to follow and help them with their seemingly simple mission...This is where, in my opinion, the author ran into some difficulties. Everything about this new world is just too convenient even for a story intended for kids in junior high. Lacy just happens to have a magical book about dragons in her bag and is immediately aware of what to do and how to use it. Upon entering the world, they just came upon this boy that doesn't even seem to find them strange. Everyone speaks English and this fact is never questioned even once.  There is no true explanation about this magical world. We just hear bits and pieces from the local boy and most seem to be connected (in a disjointed way) to various myths from all main ancient civilizations. All this gave me an impression that the author was just making up the story on the go without any prior planning...The action also seemed very flat with no twists or turns - everything just happens to work out just because Penny is so strong and determined and Lacy is smart. Their two companions from back home add no flavor to the story except for bits of humor. Throughout the journey the kids did not learn any lessons or develop any new traits which I think is the most disappointing thing about a story aimed at young kids...Overall, The Emerald Key left me wanting more. As a short adventure book it got the job done by delivering action but in a rushed and absent minded way.",
I'm confused??,"The book itself is built very well. Very good shape and condition. My issue is I'm not able to find information in this book that the original had (see pictures). This book stops at William 6 generation, but some pages I have from original goes to Jackson 8 generation.",
Check Before Gifting,"Gave as a gift and told multiple pages dog eared- darn I was going to buy “Getting Out Of The Bag”; second in series (?)., but not now.  Arfraid it too will be damaged somewhat. Curious if customer service will intervene?",
Great Story but Hard to Read,"This is my first book by Crystal Kaswell.. and probably my last...Don't get me wrong, I really enjoyed the book. It was a great friends to lovers story. Heart broken tattoo artist and plus size best friend find love while also dealing with a complicated ex and self esteem issues. It was uplifting and the author did a great job with the plus size modeling portion of the story..My issue is with the writing style.  It was extremely choppy and sometimes hard to understand. I would have to read a paragraph multiple times to understand who was saying what. Not only that, but a good portion of the book isn't even written in full sentences. Examples:..My knock is soft..He doesn't answer..So I knock louder..Still nothing..I push the door open...""You and Forest... it seems right. Is it right?"".""Yeah."" I think so. I hope so. ""He's a great guy."".""He is. Just... Be careful."".""Huh?"" What....""Never mind... ""..It's very hard to follow at times and the flow is everything when it comes to reading. If you can't read at a consistent rate and understand what you are reading as you go then you can't really enjoy the story...This book has a lot of promise. Great characters, great story... just needs a lot of work on the delivery.",
It's just a program code listing.,"Suit 16 is a program listing of the suit 16 program by Prasenjit Das. There is substantially little to the book and the program which he coded. You would buy this book if you wanted to see a program that someone else coded, with virtually no lessons.",
... not what I was searching for and was a waste of my time and money,The information in this book was not what I was searching for and was a waste of my time and money.,
Confusing and boring,Plot was confusing. Pushed myself to read 100 pages then skipped to end. Would not recommend it. I don’t often not finish a book but this was one.,
"A good story, but not the best Masie Dobbs","I love the Masie Dobbs series, and find many of the characters to be sympathetic and engaging. This, however, was not one of Ms. Winspear's best efforts. The plot had great potential, but was somewhat unbelievable. And boy did this book need a good editor. It would undoubtedly have been much improved by thoughtful cutting.",
3 starts because I am a huge fan of Anna ...,3 starts because I am a huge fan of Anna Griffin.  Minus 2 stars because it's not fabulous - no new revolutionary ideas - but it's still Anna.,
I really paid for this?,"I know it was only 99 cents, but even a short story needs some depth and interest.  This was absolutely horrible!",
Very boring.  I'm sorry I invested so much time.,"I borrowed this book from my Mother-In-Law.  At first I read a few pages and had to put it down.  I did not like it at all.  After reading through all my other book options, I decided to try this one again.  Although I am 3/4 of the way through I am sad to say that it was not worth reading at all and will not be finishing it.  Diana Bishop and Matthew Clairmont are exhausting and dramatic. I felt that it was Bella and Edward trying to be grown ups.  And I was NOT a fan of the Twilight series either.  I kept thinking that if I kept reading something worthwhile was bound to happen.  But alas, I could no longer tolerate Diana and Matthew and I had to stop. Very disappointing.",
